Alright guys, so when it comes to actually testing white listing ads, there are going
to be two ways to do this.
So the first way, if you are spending a lot less, then what you should likely do is just
actually test inside your one campaign.
So this client is spending a little bit more, but their main campaign is like below 100
hours a day.
It's super, super slow.
And the reason why we recommend testing your white listed ads inside of this campaign is
just because of the fact that you don't have a ton of budget.
Okay, so you don't really have a lot of budget to play with and go and test these things.
So just run them inside of your main campaign and let that be it.
So whatever ad that you have, I would just go ahead and set it up.
White listed.
Again, we're honestly, we're doing this for basically all of our brands that I would
say are spending less than, less than 2K per day, just throw it in here.
Like you need all the performance, you can to scale things up.
If you guys really want to be specific with how you test this, you can test the ad on
its own to your native page and then also the ad white listed.
But for us, we would just recommend like, hey, once you have white listing access, you
can just run the creative for that creator inside of there.
Now again, if you have a raw content campaign, if you guys don't know what a raw content
campaign is, that's what this over here.
So we this campaign specifically is just raw content.
You guys can also throw that inside of there if you want.
It doesn't really matter, just know that if you're smaller budget, just throw this stuff
inside of the main campaign through CBO.
And you're going to be fine.
It's likely going to get Spanish likely to perform and you're going to be good to go.
But the way that we're testing it for bigger brands right now, again, just for the sake
of not being over leverage is to make sure that we're testing this separately.
Now, we did run an ABO for this specifically, but you guys do not need to run ABO.
The reason why the raw is so high here is not because of the ABO, because the ad is because
the whitelisting is working well.
What you guys can do is you can also just set up a whitelisting campaign, put it as a CBO
and just let the budget rip.
It's going to probably be a little bit more efficient than ABO.
And this is something that we just wanted to see.
We were forcing spend to see if Facebook could figure it out and Facebook is fine.
So a lot of the times we're just testing random shit.
So if you guys see us doing ABO stuff or all this random weird shit, it's just because
we're testing and trying to break the strategy.
We're telling you guys what's working and then we're going there and trying to break
it and prove it wrong.
But we haven't really been able to do that.
So the point is, is inside of here now, what I want you guys to understand is if you're
spending more than two or three K per day, you can also try setting up a whitelisting
only campaign and taking all of your top creator ads and putting them through the whitelisting
pages that you have and launching that to see how it does.
Because again, it's going to be coming from a new page.
It's going to be the same ad, but it could just be good for you to see.
If you're ultimate chat and you don't give a shit, just throw everything in the same campaign
and you're good to go.
There is no best way to do this.
Just understand that the way that you test the ad doesn't really matter.
We just wanted to keep this segmented and separate just to get data from whitelisting
to see how it does.
So now moving forward, what we're doing is we're just putting any of our content creator
ads into the raw content campaign as a whitelisted ad because we've seen that the whitelisting
does help.
It does work.
So that's all we're doing.
That is the process for it.
Just keep in mind, again, that your creator is going to be getting all the comments and
they're going to be getting all of the follows and profile visits and all that kind of stuff.
So if you want to keep building up your Instagram profile, then I would maybe not consider switching
all of your ads over.
Just keep that in mind.
But at the end of the day, if it gives you better performance, then it's definitely worth
it.
So that's what I would recommend doing.
So again, just to be super, super clear, if you're spending less than 2K per day, you
could probably just throw all of your whitelisted ads or your ads into this campaign as whitelisted
ads, just into your main campaign or into your raw content campaign either or.
And if you're spending over 2K per day, then what you can do is you can just set up a separate
whitelisting campaign.
Okay.
And this brand was actually spending more, I think, 27 divided by 7.
I don't know what that is.
It's about like three and eight.
It was about 4K per day just on the raw content campaign specifically.
And so that's why we had this separated.
We just had to scale down and now turn things off because of stock.
But I want you guys to understand that the second option is, again, just a whitelisting
campaign, take off your top creators, put it on their pages, throw it in there.
And this is almost like a second raw content campaign.
But when it comes to new creatives specifically, once you see that whitelisting is working
good for you, then you can probably just merge the two.
But again, I just don't want you guys to be over leveraged on a specific creator and
then have them yank access and now you're in a weird spot.
So that's why we've kept it separate just to be better safe than sorry.
But again, there's no right or wrong way to do this.
I just wanted to show you again the two ways that we were doing it.
So hopefully that makes sense and if you guys have questions on this, please let me know.
