All right. Now, something that you probably saw me mention in the beginning was partnership ads.
Now, what is the difference between partnership ads and white listed ads? Well, partnership ads
is basically what meta came out with. I believe this is 2023 to basically make whitelisting
a little less deceptive. Now, whitelisting is still what most people do. But what partnership ads are
is where you can actually basically collab with people. So as you can see here, this serves as,
say, we wanted the brand is actually called Katia Designs. And so if we wanted to run strictly
from Michelle King Keenan's bag or bag page, then we would just do the whitelisting process that
I showed you. But if we wanted to run a partnership ad where it says this is Michelle Keegan and
Katia Design. So it's like, Hey, we're collabing here. This is what you would do. Okay. Now,
we have only ever ran partnerships for this one brand. And to be honest, this ad has spent over
168k. It's about 440k in total sales. So it's done pretty good job since we've launched it. It's
been running for probably like a year or something like that. But the point is, is that what this
is, is more of like the official way that meta allow or wants you to run these whitelisted ads,
but they're called partnership ads, because it just shows like, Hey, you have partnered with
someone else. Now you'll probably see brands do this. So for example, if a random toy company
did a collab with Disney, they would say, if you could get partnership access with Disney,
you would likely see, you know, toy company and Disney running the partnership ad. Okay,
because obviously Disney benefits from the royalties or whatever that kind of shit. But the TLDR of
this is this is a partnership ad. Now we don't really do this anymore with our brands. Now,
we haven't fully gone through and tested this. So if you guys do want to run partnership campaigns,
you can, but just see this more or less is like a spark ad. So this is very similar to TikTok to
an extent where you need the ad code or post info from the actual creator. And so if you have
creators that are posting on their own profiles, and you want to take that ad and obviously run
it inside of here, then you can go through and make sure that you have partnership access on
their page as well. Okay, so say, for example, we actually wanted to run a partnership ad. Okay,
so what we would do here is we would turn this on and we would go into managed partnerships.
And from here, we would go to add a partnership with this creator. And so I would look up, you
know, find your fit with Teresa, who is this girl? There we go. And then from there, you can go to
next, and then you can select the business ad set, which is going to be war road. And then from
there, you're going to go next, and then you would send the request and you would be done.
Obviously, then the creator would have to go and accept that request. And then you could run
the partnership ad. And again, then if you were to enter the ad code or post info,
you basically just have to ask the creator to go through and send you the code for that.
Or if it was your own post, you use a post ID as well. But the point is, that's how you would run
a partnership ad. Okay, we're not really doing these because we've noticed that white listing
just works better. Okay, but if you guys were wondering what this is and what the difference
was, that's what it is. Okay, and so they have to accept it. You then take, you can also upload
your your own videos as well. So so for example, we uploaded our own videos here too, you don't
have to like go through. But this would be again, really great if somebody actually made a post on
their Instagram and say when viral or something like that, and you wanted to use that post specifically,
then they could send it to you and you could use it. Or again, you can just upload your own videos
here as well. So hopefully that makes sense. Those are partnership ads. And those are the
difference just in case you guys were wondering. And you guys were maybe confused on what the
hell that is. Again, we usually don't run these anymore. We just go to standard white listing. But
If we find anything new about partnership ads, specifically, we will definitely let you know.
