... If you're having issues scaling your Facebook ads, chances are you have a creative issue. So I'm gonna teach you how to create creatives that can scale up to two hundred K, like these ones over here. So before I dive into this, I'm gonna play a game. So one of these Facebook ads here has made over two hundred thousand, and the question is just which one? The only difference with these three videos is just the video hook, which is just the first three seconds of it. I'm gonna play it for you guys, and you guys can sort of guess which one is the best, and I'll tell you wh- which one is the best and why it was the best. So let me go ahead with version one first. [upbeat music] It's the first three seconds. [upbeat music] Version two. 

[upbeat music] And now version three. [upbeat music] So for these three videos, as I said, only the video hook is different, but what is different about it? The first video hook, it is this comment over here, but there's also a headline that pops up over here. [upbeat music] And for the second video, there's no comment that pops up here. It just says, "The perfect hair dryer doesn't exist." [upbeat music] Also using the same hook. And the third one is just the comment, [upbeat music] nothing else. So I'm gonna show you guys which, which one did the best now. To show you guys, let me play it, and it is... drumroll. [upbeat music] Version, just the text. 

So now we're gonna break down why this video ad actually did the best compared to all the other ones. So I said, this one is one of the simplest ones. It just has a hook, uh, this comment over here: "How did you make those curls?" While someone is blow-drying their hair. Pink hair, very eye-catching. But 

for the other videos, let's say video one, for example, there was a headline and a comment. The second one was just a headline, but the comment itself did the best. Is it because comments do the best? Not particularly. I'll tell you why this ad did the best. But before we get into that, there's a few things we need to break down when you look at the ad. Before you actually f- can figure out why an ad did well, there's a few things you need to look at: the awareness stages and desires. If you guys don't know what that is already, these are principles from the Breakthrough Advertising book. If you guys haven't read it, highly recommend it. It will really help your, um, ads a lot. 

After that, why did it do well? Okay, so the hook is the main reason it did well. Obviously, as I mentioned, bright pink hair looks pretty and healthy. That's a dream outcome for the customers. But the other hooks also use the same pink hair girl. Why didn't those do as well? And I can tell you why. Okay. [upbeat music] Whenever you're selling a dream outcome to someone, let's say you have clothes that make them look fitter, jewelry that makes them look better, 

don't... I mean, you can as well, but if you can position it from an other person's perspective instead of a first-person perspective, it will do much better. What do I mean by that? From a first-person perspective, let's say I were to do something like a weight loss product. Maybe the first-person perspective, you will be saying, "I can't believe I lost so much weight. I feel like a new person now." 

From other person's perspective, it could be like, "My mother couldn't believe how much weight I lost. She thought I was using, uh, drugs." Something like that. I'm not sure which one of y- those sound more compelling to you, but maybe let me give you another example. Let's say you were selling clothes that hug you, that make you look, uh, more attractive. First-person perspective, you could be like, "These clothes make me look so good, I feel like a million bucks." That could work also. But why do people want to look good? Is it really for themselves, especially dudes? Um, they-- you can say that, but chances are it's always to get some girls. That's the deeper desire behind it. What if we took it from an other person's perspective? Let's say it was from a girl's perspective: "I can't believe how good my boyfriend looks now. I can't resist him." Just an example, if you look at, uh, brands like True Classic Cuts, those type of brands, this is what they leverage, and this is how they become eight-figure, nine-figure per year brands. So do that for all of your creative and your positioning, but on a deeper level as well, the awareness stages and desires. What do those mean? Awareness stages is just how aware people are of your product. Pretty straightforward. A solution-aware market refers to people who already know there are other products that can satisfy their needs but don't know exactly which one they want to go with. Let's say they can get a hair color, they can go with a salon, uh, et cetera, and the desire is to have effortly-- effortlessly beautiful hair. And also, besides just the hook, why did it do well? So we tested using UGC clips for the video whole, which is the rest of the video, but we found actually, you know, showing more elevated content did do much better. And also, it's a fifteen-second video. It's pretty fast-paced. Even for a, we wouldn't call it a high ticket, maybe this product is... This product is about a hundred, uh, hundred thirty, hundred thirty onwards. So not exactly super high ticket, but a fifteen video- fifteen-second video can sell it very well as well. So ideally, you don't need to drag it out too long, your video. Just get to the most important points that will, uh, keep your attention span for customers much better.... How would you go about recreating ads like this? Great question. This is how you create Facebook ads that scale like crazy. The first step is our research. So you know, the brand that understands their customers the most win. You have a million different clothing brands out there, or a million different hairdryer brands out there. How are you actually gonna stand out? 

Ideally, you'll do as much customer research as possible, but let me just show you some of my favorite few methods to get good customer research out. All right, first step: use a tool called Shoelix to scrape Amazon reviews. What? Let me show you. So Shoelix, as I mentioned, it scrapes your Amazon reviews instead of having to do it manually. It sort of does analysis for everything for you. This is very, very helpful because you can take a look at a lot of different product reviews at the same time, figure out the pros, the cons, what are they using it for. Very, very helpful. Let's say you see the cons is poor suction. Maybe your product, you can just say in the ad that it's-- the suction is good. Pros, it's easy to use. Mention in the ad how easy it is to use compared to competitors. Very, very helpful tool. You get a lot of information consolidated here. Besides that, go through your customer reviews and add comments. Very simple one. No one really takes the time to do this, but it's the boring thing that actually moves the needle forward over here. So customer reviews, just take a look at them on your own site, on your own ad comments, et cetera. And watch content on TikTok and YouTube that your target audience watches. How do you, how do you know what your audience wants if you don't actually watch what they usually watch, right? So take a look at it on TikTok, for example. How are they commenting? What are they commenting on? What type of videos go viral? Let's say for this video, okay, for hair, what are people saying? "What does he remind me of this person?" "Why does this person look like Damon?" Whatever. "Hair give Elwood vibes." So it seems that from this TikTok comment research, people want to look like a celebrity, someone famous, okay? Let's say if you're a third person, uh, not say a third person, but just another person, for example, tell you, "Oh, my gosh, this hairdryer gave my hair a glow up. I look like this person, celebrity person now." Very different from you saying it from yourself, because at the end of the day, people want to look good, not really just for themselves, right? It's just for, you know, compliments, validation from, from people, other people. That's one of the big desires you can go for. The last one is just using Atria. Atria is a ad spy tool. So over here, it scrapes a lot of ads. You can just search for whatever brand you want. Let's say you want to search for a top brand doing well. Um, let's say you want to search for Dyson or whatever ad it is, click on it, and it will show you the whole ad library for that brand. Very, very helpful to get inspiration as well. Not copying, just inspiration. That's the research done. The next one is your planning. We don't want to spam test a lot of different stuff. We want to focus on winning ads instead, to have quality over quantity. So before you launch an ad, you need to know a few things. One, the market awareness, and two, the desires. These are the core f- marketing fundamentals to each ad. If you don't know what they are for your ads, chances are you're gonna get cooked. You-- If you don't really know what you're marketing to, who you're marketing to, 

it's hard to make it work. For us, we like to have all our ad concepts planned in a sheet with market awareness stages and desires for each of them. For example, we have it all in this sheet over here. Each ad we plan out, we put it over here, name, concept, why we think it's gonna do well, et cetera. That's your planning. The third step, of course, most important one, is your execution. The ideas are easy, but the execution separates you from the rest. Okay, if you want a static ad, you can use templates from, uh, products like Creative OS or Creative Donut. So what those are, basically, they give you a full Figma template of creatives that has done well for other brands, and they look really nice. For me, if I were to do graphic design for myself, they look like I just did it from Microsoft Paint, so not the best idea. But at least with these templates, all you need to do is just plug and play. The templates are there, change your image, change your headline, and, uh, you can become a graphic designer as well, like me. The next one is for videos. Use Atria, uh, the spy tool, as I used. See what other brands are origin their video ads. Don't copy what they are doing in terms of messaging. I just want to show you how they are actually origin their ads. The last one is just calling out the customer, making sure that, uh, you have benefits that align with their goals, showcase the ideal outcome, like we did for this, uh, hairdryer video over here. Ideal outcome, someone with pretty good hair and very concise benefits in the rest of the video. Quick, snappy as well. Learnings. You tested so many ads, but if you don't learn from it, what are you doing? If you have any new winning ad, please note it down. What is the performing desire, marketing awareness stages, maybe the personas and the overall angle and messaging as well. If it doesn't work, also, you need to understand why it didn't work. Let's say you have ten ads, only one ad worked, nine ads didn't work. Hey, if you review the nine ads that didn't work, moving forward, you can avoid making all the mistakes you did on the nine ads. Um, if you ask me, I think that's gonna increase your winning ad rate significantly, so make sure you're tracking. If you're not tracking, you're slacking. So close this feedback loop to avoid, uh, mistakes like this again. We do it all in this one sheet as well. Winning ad, losing ad, the learning is all in here. Some people ask me to get access to this sheet, but this sheet is only for our own internal clients and for consulting people as well. And the last one is just your iterations, improving on your winning ad rate. So let's say you have a concept that did well already. All you need to do from there is just create different variations to improve upon it. So I'm gonna touch on this right now. What are the few things that you can test? 

So the iteration priority, the first one being the hooks or the imagery, if it's an, uh, image, the headline of an image or the hook text. The hook text refers to the first three seconds of the video, whatever text is on there. Video hook, the rest of the video after the hook, benefits if it's an image, and the persona. Of course, the clip itself, the imagery you showcase, has the biggest impact. So let's say if you were to do an image ad test, right? To do an image ad test, you'll have three images. We always test it at least in three different variations. Why? Sometimes you spend so much time and money on creating one ad. It didn't do well, maybe because only the headline didn't do well. But if you change the different headlines, maybe it would have done... Maybe it would have been your new winning ad. So doing this gives it the best chance of performing, and you can test out different angles and whatnot in the same time as well. So let's say if I have to start off that, testing the image, okay, V one, V two, V three, different images, same headline. I figured out, okay, headline one, image one did the best. How can I improve on it further? I know which image did the best, which headline did the best. Next batch of iterations, okay, one, two, three, same image, just different headlines. I found that headline three, image one did the best. Amazing. Perfect. A few other things you can test, persona, as I mentioned. Let's say the person in the video is a white woman, pink hair. Maybe you can change it to someone with, um, maybe an African American person, for example. Just different personas hit different pockets of audiences. But this video should cover pretty much the creative strategy that you will need to create winning ads. Hopefully, you got some value out of this, but let me know.