... One of these Facebook ads has made over two hundred thousand. The question is, which one? So the only difference between these three, if you notice, is the text over here. It's we call it our benefit text. So which one did well? It's this one over here. So let me take a look again, okay. This one mentions, uh, constant filter changes. This one mentions cheap, flimsy material. This one mentions, I saw on Yahoo. Which one do people care about the most? Constant filter changes. So let's talk about it a bit. So how would I break this down? So a comparison ad works very well, uh, if you are targeting a more product-aware market. What does a product-aware market mean? It means that people already know about the product. If you guys are selling products that people already know about, if you're selling like hairdryers, selling like a mouse, keyboard, et cetera, those are products people already know about. You just need to tell them why yours is superior to the rest. But how will we actually go about creating an ad like this? So let's talk about it. Let's how we create Facebook ads that scale like crazy. First step, research. For this care pod brand, we were stuck at two hundred K per month for six months straight. It was only until that we had this image comparison ad that we started scaling further. We-- for the six months straight, we tested a bunch of different UGC, but nothing really converted, and it's because we didn't understand our customer well enough. It's not about the cool-looking UGC you see from other brands or copying what other brands are doing well. That won't work for you. You need to figure out what's unique to your brand, to your customers, and then create ads based on that. So how will you go about research? Let me give you a really good tool for it. The first tool we're going to take a look at is Shoelix. What is Shoelix? Shoelix scrapes your Amazon reviews. So let's say your product like this. Go in there, click Review Analysis. It com- compiles everything here. What are the pros? What are the cons? Where do people use it for, or what do they expect? Okay, so it's all cool and all, but what do we use it for? If, let's say, the cons is poor suction for this product. Okay, talk about how your product is, has better suction compared to the other products on the market. The pros, it's easy to use. Talk more about how easy it is to use, even a grandma can use it, et cetera. 

Next one is just very simple. You should already know this. Going through your customer reviews and, and comments, and as well as watching content on TikTok and YouTube that your target audience watches. If I were on TikTok right now, I'd see this video over here, "Two reasons not, not to get a humidifier." Take a look at the comments. What do people say? Mo- mold and mildew. Okay, skin looks better. Okay, so these are angles that you can all target as well. So for example, over here, one of them talks about mold and mildew. "Constant filter changes, impossible to clean. Mold and bacteria breeding ground," which makes sense that our ad, this version, did the best because that's what people actually want. Besides that, we also use tools like Atria. If you haven't used Atria before, it's, uh, similar to another tool called Foreplay. So let me show you what it does. So basically, you can just, um, take a look at what ads other brands are using. Take inspiration. Do not copy, take inspiration, uh, create similar ads, so you know what works for other top brands as well. Okay, cool. We know what people want already. What do we do? We need to start planning. 

Less is more. You want to focus on better creatives instead of having more creatives. A lot of people like to spam test, maybe test twenty creatives a day, maybe less, but that's not the way to go about it. You want to focus on your ad win rate, s- which means how many winning ads you can get. 'Cause each winning ad you can get, maybe it will help you increase your s- spend by fifty percent at KPI, maybe even double it. Which is why winning ads matter more than just getting a bunch of different ads that might do well at smaller spend. You want it to be able to scale. So that's our whole goal. Before you launch an ad, you need to plan it out, okay? What is the market awareness I'm targeting, and what are the desires? So going back to this, what are the market awareness stages? Humidifier, people know about it already. You're not gonna educate people about why you should use it, where you're doing a product-aware ad like this. What's the desire? To keep their child and healthy and safe, which is why the mold and bacteria breeding ground, uh, benefits did the best. Obviously, you don't want your child to live in the bacteria breeding ground, which is why this ad also did very well. So next, now that we planned it out already, you need to have it out in the sheet. Just have it all in Excel sheet. Each concept you want to put out, just plan it out, write out why you think it's gonna do well, and that's gonna help you increase your winning ad rates. I want you to plan it out on a sheet instead of thinking about it in your head. So this way, when you... Maybe if you actually write it out, you'll be thinking, "Hey, maybe this is not such a good idea." Next step, execution. Okay, ideas are easy. It's the execution that separates the sheep from the goats. If you want to create a static ad, you can use templates from Creative OS or Creative Donut. So what it is, is basically, um, you get like a Figma template like this over here. Uh, they give you a few different templates. All you need to do is just change the text, the image, and boom, you have a nice-looking ad that worked well for other brands already. If it's a video, use the Atria tool, uh, see how other brands are u- doing their video. Take inspiration from that, and then now you already know how to execute. Okay, you know how to make a good-looking static base with the templates. It's easy. The video is a good-looking video, what other brands are showing. It's pretty easy. What you need to do is just call out the customer, have benefits that align with their goals, and showcase the ideal outcome. So you will do all of this through your research prior, okay? It's-- The marketing behind it matters more than how you show it, which is why even if you copy, uh, different brands', uh, ad style, you... The ad style won't do well, but it's, you can still use it with your own desires, your own, uh, market awareness stages. Those will make it do well. Okay, a few more steps here, how you can create a good ad. The f- most important one is your learnings.... If you guys, some of you guys, I know you've been testing the same angle over and over again. For some reason, you guys don't learn. It's 'cause you guys don't have it tracked down, okay? As I mentioned over here, have a spreadsheet, track all your ads, what you think, why do you think it does well, why do you think it does not do well, along with all the market desires and whatnot. So each ad is very well thought out. I don't want you to spam test. I've done it before, twenty creatives a day, doesn't work. Use the same amount of time, put in the same amount of volume, just thinking. Thinking about the ad, researching about the ad, what your customers want, and then making sure that each ad you do, good or bad, why did it go-- do well? Why did it do bad? Stare at the ad, okay? If you close this feedback loop, you can understand what to avoid next, and you're gonna save a lot more money and time. 

Next step, your iteration, okay? So just like this ad over here, there's three different benefit texts. It's already doing well. How do we improve our winning rate and create more of this ad? Great question. You'll be testing different things as well. So let me get into that, but surely, let me explain this ad again. So market awareness stages is product aware. People already know about a humidifier, telling them why it's the best, desire to keep their child healthy and safe. How do you figure that out? Customer research. Why did this ad overall do well? It's very sophisticated already, [notification sound] as I said, we just need to tell people why ours is the best. The main problems, humidifiers are hard to clean. [notification sound] How easy it is to clean over here. And there's a lot of different ways you can do a comparison style ad. The traditional way of doing it, left and right, having your actual featu- features there. Uh, I haven't seen those do that well. Okay, uh, think about it different way. You could-- For us, we did problems, none of that. Very simple, very minimalistic, which keeps in line with what the brand looks like. Okay. Next up, what do we do? We found our winning ad. What's next? Okay. Each ad concept, you want to test three variations like we just did for this, uh, ad concept over here. Why? Because sometimes it's just your headline that sucks. It could have been a winning ad, but your headline sucked, and now you wasted all your time and money you spent creating that ad. Test each ad with three variations, please. Usually, it would be your hook. If it's a video, it would be your video hook, the first three seconds of your video. If it's image, may- it's probably the imagery. That's the most important thing to test. Besides that, there's also your headline. If for an image, your hook text, for the video, the first three seconds of the video, what text appears. After that, you'll test, test the benefits for an image, and for a video, it's your video hook, which refers to, uh, the rest of the video besides the hook. Last one you can test is a persona. Persona just means, uh, different person. Let's say if you have a image ad featuring a white woman, maybe you can test on an Asian woman and a Black woman, et cetera. So this way, you'll have a good, um, iteration, perfect to whatever your customer wants. So that's pretty much how we created this ad that made over two hundred K. Hopefully, this all makes sense to you and you can take this, apply it, and create winning ads for yourself.