... All right, guys, so in this video, I'm gonna show you how to review your losing ads, what metrics to look for. Now, this is gonna be image ads specifically, but basically the same thing applies to videos. I will kind of get into reviewing the video ad later that I specifically made, depending on whether or not it was a winner or loser. Uh, but for the sake of the training, uh, let's go ahead and jump in. And so what you're gonna do is you're gonna pull up the ad, okay? And what you wanna do is you wanna filter by the date that it ran. So you're gonna find those ads, and then you're simply going to set either a maximum date or whatever date that it ran. And then from there, you really just wanna make sure that you s- look at the ones that get the most amount of spend. Okay, you're gonna look at all the variations that you did, but what I like to do is I like to filter by spend. Now, for the sake of this client specifically, I'm not gonna show their spend in the ad account while I review this with you guys, because I just don't think that's fair to them, and, uh, n- they don't need their business shown everywhere, so I'm just being respectful. But what I want you to know is that I did jot down just s- some specifics here. And so this is what you guys are gonna do. You're gonna have, uh, basically, a, uh, you know, a metrics and then a learnings area here, if you wanna segment it like that. And I, I mean, I'll include this document for you guys down below, but it, it really does not matter. Like, how you do learnings is, is, is totally up to you and how you wanna organise it. You guys can also put it inside of the sheet, which is where you should be putting it, or the, you know, the creative roadmap in the learnings section there. I'm just pulling up the doc to just kind of, like, jot down some learnings to go a little bit further, and then what I might do is I might copy that, and then just kind of clean it up and then put that inside of the actual growth guide. But either way, um, it doesn't matter. I'm just using a doc for the sake of just having this here for the video. Now, what's really important for you to do is just take a look at some of the metrics that, if you ask me, are most important, um, which, number one, is gonna be, like, how much did it spend? So amount spent. And again, for the sake of this client, I'm not going to put this in here, so it's just gonna be X amount. And then you wanna look at, again, like, the ROAS or the CPA. Like, what was the ROAS or CPA? Was it positive, right? X dot, uh, XX. What was the actual... [chuckles] Uh, maybe we shouldn't say that. [laughing] X dot zero zero, what was the ROAS? And then these three here, um- or actually, I mean, I'm gonna, I'm gonna move this one up as one of the more important ones. But then these two down here are kind of more like complementary, and if you're gonna look at this as well, you- for videos, you're gonna look at hook, and then you're gonna look at hold, and then I also like to look at average play time. Okay? And then, if you really wanna get granular on some other metrics as well, uh, you could take a look at conversion rate, and you could take a look at AOV. Um, again, for those of you that don't understand, I'm actually gonna put this on its own, 'cause it's really important for me to talk about this. For those of you that don't understand how to make those, uh, you can very simply go into your columns section here, and you can click Customise Columns, and you can create a custom column. So you go Custom Column here, and you're gonna click Create Custom Metric. And so for conversion rate, you would just do purchases, and you can type inside of here, which is nice, uh, divided by... I just do link clicks just to be safe, so purchases divided by link clicks. There you go. You're gonna call this CVR. You can make this a percentage, and then you're gonna go ahead and create that metric. I already have it created, but I'll just go ahead and select it again. And now, if I click Save here, you'll be able to scroll to the right, and you'll be able to see that the conversion rate metric is there. Uh, average order value is, is already a metric, so you can just go to, um, Customise Columns here, and you can see here, if you type in Average Order Value, Average Purchase Conversion, that's what you want to look at there. Okay? Uh, and then the other one that you, you guys will need to make is obviously hook and hold. And now, again, hook and hold is very simple. Uh, so hook, you're gonna do three-second, so three-second video plays, rate per, uh, impression. I think they actually might have already made this a, a new thing. Meta actually is doing a good job, but you basically would just do three-second, um, video plays divided by impressions. And so this is your hook rate, okay? And again, this is a percentage, so it's the percentage of people that stop and watch the first three seconds. And then there are, when it comes to hold rates, there's two different types of hold rates. I like to do through plays divided by impressions. What this means is how many people, based off of everybody who saw it, um... I just kinda called this, like, Hold Rate All, if you wanna call it that. Okay? And so this is through plays, and through plays, for those of you that don't know, is people who watch at least fifteen seconds of your video, uh, or who basically watch the entire video if it's less than fifteen seconds. Okay, so you create that metric there, and then the final one that you're gonna create is going to be, if you want this, uh, it's totally up to you, but you would do through plays divided by, um, three-second video plays. And so what this is gonna show you, I kind of call this, like, the hook to hold rate. 

So how many of people actually stayed to watch versus how many people, like, how- based on the people who watched three seconds, how many of them actually watch at least fifteen? So this is a cool metric to see that, okay, based off of the people who have actually stopped and watched the first three seconds, how many of them continue to watch at least fifteen or watch the rest of the video, okay? And so you can create all those, and boom, boom, boom, boom, you can add them all in, and there you go. All right? So now you've got all the metrics that you would need to review, for those of you that don't know how to make those. And then, obviously, average play time is one that already exists, and so if we just go here and just search up average, you'll see video average play time right there. All right, and so now, the next thing that I have kind of been leaving off here is percentage of spend. And so this is just to give you guys context, like, what I actually did is I did show you this number because this just goes to show, like, did this ad actually do much or do anything for the account? And so when I look at this, right, for the seven days that it ran, and now granted, it started a little bit slower, and then, I don't know why I sounded, uh, Dutch there. [chuckles] Slower. Um, it started a little bit slower. I love, I love everybody who's Dutch, by the way. Um, basically, it started slower, and then by day two, day three, it started picking up more spend, and then day four, it kind of spent its most, and then day five, day six, it started to spend less. Now, if you guys wanna see how you can see day-by-day spend rather than just clicking by the day, you guys can go into Breakdown here, and you guys can actually click by day, and then based off of the time horizon that you give it, it'll show you a little breakdown of, like, it spent this much per day and then this much per day. And if you ask me, it's better to do this at the ad set level, so you can see that specific ad set, and you don't have, you know, the-... variants of ads in here, like, each having their own daily spend. You can just look at it from a concept level in general. You can look at it from the ad level as well. Um, but basically, overall, for, for the seven days that this ran, and it's actually still active in the account because it's getting purchases and it's just basically retargeting, it got two point one seven percent of spend. And so for those of you that aren't mass- math majors, what that means is that if I spent a thousand dollars over a seven-day period, okay? Total account spend is a thousand dollars. This ad got twenty dollars in spend, okay? So twenty divided by a thousand is zero point zero two. That's two percent, okay? So seven dollar- or twenty dollars in spend over this seven-day period. Now, what I want you guys to understand is, like, this to me is not a lot of money. Now, obviously, this, this account spent more than a thousand dollars in a seven-day period, I'm just gonna call that out. But my point is, is like for some of you guys that are spending maybe like a hundred and fifty dollars a day or two hundred dollars a day, or whatever it gets you to a thousand dollars a week in spend, um, if this is spending like two percent of your... Like, it's just not doing anything, okay? And so early on, what you really wanna focus on is you wanna focus on essentially having ads get at least ten percent of spend, okay? So if, if this ad, for whatever reason, got ten percent of spend, what would it be? It'd mean it spent a hundred dollars over that seven-day period. Okay, now we're starting to get some data. And then for us, we like to see ads that are getting anywhere from thirty to fifty percent. I don't know why that was a dollar amount, but thirty to fifty percent of spend. So if we're getting thirty to fifty percent of spend, well, then this ad spent three hundred to five hundred dollars over that seven-day period, and that probably means that you've got a winner. Now, depending on the KPI, obviously that's gonna be the big thing. But my point is, is that we like to look at percentages of spend because this kind of applies to everyone. Now, given, again, if we take a look at this, for some of our brands that spend a hundred thousand dollars a week, you know, two percent is still two thousand dollars, right? But again, you guys have to think in, in comparison to what we're spending, two thousand dollars during the seven-day period for the, for an ad that we made is, is, is not really anything. I know for some of you guys it might seem like a lot, but I'm telling you guys, like what we're trying to do is we're trying to find ads that can spend twenty thousand dollars a week, right? That would be twenty percent of our total weekly spend. And so just to give you guys an idea of, like, how we are looking at things from a percentage of spend, we always look at a seven-day period. Now, obviously, if you kill an ad after three days or four days, which you can do, but I still would recommend a lot of you guys, just because Meta's trying to figure itself out, to just, like, let ads run for at least seven days, and that will... Again, if you guys are making one ad per day, that's basically, you know, seven ads per week, and you'll start to be able to get in a groove where it's like, okay, you check the ad account. All right, what ad over the last seven days hasn't gotten any spend or hasn't got good performance? Okay, let me turn that off and I can launch a new one. And if you have seven ad sets running in your hundred dollar CBO, like, is that ideal? Not really, but I think that's fine. Like, just to give you guys a very simple frame, like, it's fine. You're not gonna overwhelm Meta as long as you're not going above seven. We usually say the rule of thumb is five or, you know, we have a specific rule based off your CPA. But I just want you guys to focus on what matters most, which is let me make one really good ad creative a day, and then from there, you know, you're gonna be able to see, all right, how much spend did it get on a weekly basis, okay? And so we haven't even gotten into learnings yet because this stuff is so important for you guys to understand, just, like, what success actually looks like and what we're trying to actually aim for, okay? So in- overall, looking at this ad, considering it got two point one percent of a- of spend, I would say the result for this ad is a loser, okay? [chuckles] It did not perform. It did not scale, okay? And so now we want to start to look at the ad. And so the way that I prefer to look at the ads is I just like to click the Preview button, okay? And you'll notice that it's gonna pull up all four of my ads. And just as an FYI, if you zoom in, 'cause I'm one of those weirdos that still uses a trackpad and a mouse, um, if you zoom in and then you click off of this, you're, you're not gonna be able to zoom back out. It'll break your Meta. So you have to click back into the preview, zoom out, and then you can click off. Just a random glitch for those of you guys that are following me here, that I, that took me so long to figure out. Um, y- if you're zoomed in on this, you gotta zoom out on it. But basically, let's take a look at the ad. And now what I, what I am gonna do here, just because I, again, I know this, so we have V1, we have V2, uh, V3, and again, there's no right or wrong way to do this, guys. I know a lot of you guys are gonna imitate me at first, which is hopefully this is helpful. Um, we have, "Eating twelve hundred calories is easy." Um, I think this was V1. Let me just double-check this real quick. I'm gonna pull it out. It should be fine. I don't think I'm gonna show anything weird. Uh, statics, ideation, give me one second. All right, cool. So we have V3, V2, V4, V1. And so out of these, again, I know you guys can't see the spend, but I know V3 was the one that got the most amount of spend, okay, or most significant spend. Now, this is something where a lot of you guys, if y- you can do this if you want, although I just, I just don't think it's worth it because at the end of the day, if there was a winner in here, Meta would've spent on it. But let's just say, for example, you wanted to, like, turn off the top spender 'cause it wasn't performing at the ad level to force spend on these other ones, you can do that, but at the end of the day, I would almost rather just, you know, consider this concept a loser and then focus on making a better version of it. Because otherwise, you guys are gonna be praying that these ads here scale, when ninety-nine times out of a hundred, none- these ads won't work for you, okay? If this V3 got the most amount of spend out of all the variations that we give it, just use that as your direction and move on, okay? And so I want you guys to understand that so many of you are worried about, like, "Well, this one didn't get spent." Like, at the end of the day, I, I can promise this to you guys based off the amount of accounts that I've been in, that if you just trust Meta on what it spends and then just focus on making something better, be like, "Okay, Meta, you didn't want to spend on any of these. All right, I'm gonna make something better," you, over the long run, are going to be more successful than the guy that's trying to make sure Meta spends money on every single ad, okay? Just as a quick little caveat there. But now that I know that V3 was the ad that got the most amount of spend, what I wanna do here is I wanna start looking at, basically, if I can actually type in here, I wanna look at, okay, like, why did this ad, out of all the ads here, get the most amount of spend?... Okay, so let's take a look. "Eating only twelve hundred calories is easy with Diglomera." And you know what's funny is, like, this was actually the headline that I liked the best. Um, and so I, I was kind of correct with my thinking, but it was still, um, a, you know, not, not a winning ad, right? And so overall, you know, my lens needs to be corrected where it's like, okay, this wasn't good enough to be a winner, but I- my lens was partially correct by assuming that this would be the best headline. And you guys might not have that right away. Again, I've been doing this for years, guys, and I've reviewed so many ads, so I kind of have an idea of, like, when I think something's gonna perform, usually it will perform. But again, this didn't perform overall as a concept, but at least I was like, "Okay, give myself a bonus check mark for, all right, I thought this was gonna be the best headline," and according to Meta, it was. Right? And so now when I'm looking at this, I'm like, okay, well, we have, "Eating twelve hundred calories is easy." Let's take a look at the, the other variant. "Stop needing discipline, start lowering cortisol." Okay, interesting. Now, we do have a different image here, and I know a lot of you guys, this wasn't, like, the final version that you guys saw, um, because obviously, I had to send this to our graphic designers, who aren't idiots like me, [chuckles] to, uh, clean this up so it was approved for the client. Uh, and then we had another one over here that says, "I just ignore my cravings now." Okay? And then four out of four here, we have, "Trick your stomach into staying full with Meta Glow." Okay, so now when I look at this, there's one thing that I'm trying to identify here, which is what is, like, out of the ordinary here versus the ones that got spent, or for this one, that got spent versus the ones that didn't? Now, when I look at this, obviously, high level is I'm kind of making this claim here that twelve hundred calories is easy, and so I'm mentioning that something is easy. Here, I'm saying that people don't need discipline, and I- and they should just start lowering their cortisol. Okay, interesting. Here, just I just ignore my cravings, so 

maybe this is not as effective. Again, it's not saying that something is easy or, or big or fast. You know, trick your stomach into staying full. And so again, even just kind of emphasizing the copywriting one-on-one stuff that I've given you guys, this being easy and, you know, doing something, uh... What I wanna say here is, like, when you contrast two things, this is something that I've, I've noticed and I've actually learned from people way smarter than me that make viral videos. When you put two things together that don't really belong, that is going to grab attention, okay? And so what do I mean by that? Well, if I was, for example, filming a YouTube video with a tiger behind me, [laughing] it might go viral, 'cause it's like, why is there a tiger behind? Like, that's not normal. There's not supposed to be a tiger behind you when you're filming an e-commerce marketing video. You know what I'm saying? And so extreme example, but my point is, is, like, if you can think of two things that don't go together, like imagine, you know, you're using toothpaste to make, like, cookies or something. Like, that, that's weird. That's not supposed to go together, right? Same thing, and again, I'm just kind of getting to extremes here, but, like, those are things where our brain is gonna be like, "Wait, that's not what it's supposed to be." That's a pattern interrupt, okay? And so here, as much as it's not that extreme, when I'm saying something is hard, eating twelve hundred calories is actually easy, right? That's probably gonna grab attention, and so that would probably be... That's a broad learning, but that would probably be my biggest learning that I would take away. And I want you guys to understand that I've kind of gotten better at taking broader learnings, but that's just something that I have knowledge about. And now looking at this, I'm like, okay, well, out of all of these ads, th- that's two things that, like, don't really go together, where it's like this, start lowering cor- cortisol. Um, I just ignore my cravings now, and trick your stomach into staying full. Um, I would say, like, yeah, like, you know, this is maybe two things that don't go together. But when I look at this, at the overall, this seems like execution-wise, it was done the best, okay? And so that would be s- part of my learning. And I just want you guys to know that everything that I'm talking out loud, I would actually be writing. Like, if I was smart, I would just be voice-to-texting right now all of the learnings that Spencer is yapping out loud. And as you can see there, you're gonna start to get your learnings if, uh, Aquai wants to work. There we go. Um, so, you know, all of your learnings, everything that I'm talking out loud, is what you should actually be writing down. Now, one thing that I also wanna call out that I didn't mention is that if you do actually have someone that you can do learnings with, it's so great to go back and forth with someone and be like, "Hey, what do you think about this?" It's like, "Well, yeah, you know what? Like, now that I think of it, twelve hundred calories is actually, like, really specific as well." Huh, that's using another copywriting principle that Spencer talked about, right? Do we use that anywhere else? Let's see. Uh, stop eating, discipline? No. Just ignore my cravings? No. Trick your stomach- wow, okay, well, look at this. We've got, like, two of the things in the headline that are gonna grab attention. It's weird- it's weirdly specific or oddly specific, and it mentions one of the, you know, big four power words or big four frames, which is, uh, easy, right? And so at the end of the day, and again, there's two things that don't go together there. Hard, something that's hard to do is actually now easy, okay? And so at the end of the day, I'm starting to kind of take these learnings, but you wanna have- if you have someone that you can, you know, ping-pong off of, where it's like, "Hey, well, what do you think?" They're like, "Well, what's interesting here is we actually mentioned Diglomera, and all of the other ones, we actually don't mention Diglomera." Huh, I wonder if that has something to do with it, right? And now you guys can start to get those granular learnings. But at the end of the day, you still wanna take this frame of, like, why, why aren't people... And, and here's the biggest thing, and I, and I, and I need to make sure I pause for a second on this, 'cause it's very easy to get carried away in learnings and get really excited. Keep in mind, guys, this ad got two percent of spend, okay? So at the end of the day, even though this got the most amount of spend, and we're like, "Oh, well, yeah, this is better than all, better than all the other ones," this is still not a winning ad, [chuckles] okay? It still sucked in the grand scheme of things. And so we can't get all excited and be like, "Oh, I've cracked the code. It's this, this, this, and that." And it's like, well, not really, because you did that in this ad, but it di- it still didn't convert, okay? And so now what I might do is I might just, like, look deeper and be like, okay, well, clearly this is doing better than the other ones. And again, this doesn't mean that these angles over here, this idea of ignoring your cravings, isn't an angle that can't work. It just probably means the execution, the way that you executed this, just was not good, okay? And so if I could maybe try re-executing this in a way, and this could be a test that you could do if you want, where it's like, okay, well, what if I take some of the learnings around two things that don't go together, being specific and including one of the frames in the headline, right, to this one? How could I talk about that on the discipline side of things? Or how could I talk about that on the ignoring cravings side? Or how could I talk about that into this idea of keeping your stomach full, right?...How could I apply some of those learnings to these to potentially go and do more on? Now, that could be one direction that you go down, but the direction that I chose to go down was just this idea of like, okay, well, people, I think, care more about, you know, eating less calories and having that be easier. And so that's why I decided to make the video, if you've watched the video training modules, around that specifically. Now, another thing that I'm gonna be looking at here is like, okay, well, how congruent is this? It's like, well, it's not that congruent because I don't really have anything about, like, twelve hundred calories. I'm not really showing that, right? And when I say congruent, it's just like, how much does this image actually support this, right? Like, you could take this image and basically put it on any headline, right? And so if I wanted to make another image version of this, I might think like, okay, like, how could I make this a little bit more congruent? Although, in a visual, it's probably a little bit harder. But at the end of the day, I might be trying to ask myself: "Okay, well, you know, I guess people are assuming this is Diaglomera, and they might be thinking this is Diaglomera," but then they go to the landing page, and it actually doesn't... You know, it says Meta Glow. So it's like, wait, what is Meta Glow, right? And so this is something where I've got Zen Wellness, I've got Diaglomera, but then all of a sudden, they go to the website, and now they're looking at Meta Glow, and they might not, they might not make the connection. They're like: "Well, I thought this was Diaglomera, not Meta Glow." And so something that could be interesting as well is changing this to Meta Glow, right? So people actually know what they're clicking on, or at least, if it's possible, have a photo of the actual product, right? So if we go to the website over here, at least having the product that says Meta Glow Collagen in it, rather than just the scoop. That could be another thing that could have made this ad better. And at the end of the day, you guys can just go on and on and on. I mean, I've been doing this for, I don't know, about like seven or eight minutes, but like... And I'm also trying to communicate to you what I'm thinking, all that kind of stuff. But if you're just sitting here locked in, just trying to analyze this ad, and again, it's the same as writing. You might have to sit at this for like five minutes and be like: "Well, I don't know why this isn't working," right? "I, I don't get it." Well, if you're struggling and you're like: "I don't know why it's not working," the number one thing that you can do is you can go over here, and we're gonna go into how to create ads, and we're gonna click the thirteen winning static ads, and we're gonna click over here and be like: "Okay, well, let me compare this to some other winning ads," okay? Mama fifteen-year-- And again, these all have their own things that win. Clear and direct avatar callout, supporting claim with a real review, clear, um, clearly a family, uh, in the photo with kids, which builds real trust. Now, am I calling out any dir-- Like, am I directly calling out an avatar in this ad? Eating twelve hundred calories, stop needing discipline. I just ignore my cravings, trick your stomach. Not really. Okay, well, that could be a reason. What if we go over here? Fourteen plus hours, no swelling. So bold numbers call out, stop the scroll. Well, what's interesting here is this is actually the ad that we replicated, and we did do this, right? For the one that actually got the most amount of spend, eating only twelve hundred calories is easy, right? Two-- Again, two things that don't go together: fourteen plus hours, no swelling. Those are two things that don't go together. Okay, you know, this image is slightly more congruent, um, than ours, right? But at the end of the day, it doesn't show somebody with, like, a swollen leg or anything like that. But, you know, looking at it, okay, it's like it makes sense why potentially the ad that had the bold numbers call out and two things that don't go together got the most amount of spend. But, like, how could we make that better? Over here, stealing credibility. You know, do we have any credibility from another mechanism inside of here? I don't think so. Right? Here, this just says: "Stop needing discipline. Start lowering cortisol." And just as a learning over here, I think cortisol is, like, something that so many people have talked about, that it's like, start lowering your chol-- Like, people are just immune to this. Like, this is a very s- like, bad claim for a sophisticated market, where I'm like: "You don't need discipline. You need cortisol." It's like, "Great, bro. Thank you." Um, at the end of the day, I, I just feel like this headline is, is kind of ass, and, like, reviewing it, I'm like: "Wow, that's a really bad headline. I don't know why I decided to do that," but this is why we do learnings, right? Okay, like, now we know. Um, I just ignore my cravings now. Um, again, I, I think, what are we comparing this to? Like, yeah, is there any kind of credibility? No credibility there. No credibility there either. So kind of lacking some credibility. What about this? Um, this is a meal, not a protein shake. We didn't really... I mean, this wasn't really the concept, um, but we didn't really have any clever wordplay here, you know? We didn't say, like... I mean, I think "Trick your stomach into staying full" is, is decent. Um, "Stop needing" is terrible. "I just ignore my cravings now," eh, that's okay. Um, you know, "This is a meal, not a protein shake," could be interesting to see how we could have done that for that brand. Uh, "Lose the muffin top for good," this leans into a saying that is often in, um, you know, often to offend people in a very specific pain point, muffin top. We don't actually really talk about any of the other specific pain points. I mean, cravings is obviously the big pain point here. Um, high cortisol, I guess. Um, twelve hundred calories. Let's just see here. Trick your stomach into staying full. Yeah, like, you know, the... And as you can see, again, I'm just doing this kind of with you guys here. When you start comparing to some of the winning ads that are in here, I'm, I'm kind of on this line of like: You know what? Yeah, I can kind of see... Hopefully, at least you guys can help yourself complete the feedback loop of, yeah, you know what? Actually, this ad, this ad really isn't that good. But again, in the moment, you guys can go back and watch the videos, I was pretty pumped about these. I was like, "You know what? These feel pretty good. I like these headlines." But again, now we're completing our feedback loop, right? Most important thing for you guys, just to end this kind of rant here, is to make sure that you have one thing, which is like, okay, like, what are we gonna do as a result of this new information? Okay, well, what did I do? I'm gonna double down on, and I can actually, you know, just pull it up. This is, uh, Spencer Zend growth guide here. What did I do? Well, I decided to do a twelve-hundred-calorie iterat- uh, iteration, right? I'm redoing this ad because I saw that it did actually get traction or, I mean, a little bit of spend. It gave me a direction, and I think this is a real pain point for this specific avatar around being in a deficit. And so I know, uh, I know most people trying to lose weight obviously need something to support them through the deficit, and so I want to help them understand how eating twelve hundred calories is easy, uh, and leverage the information that I have to build belief around a new mechanism. So what I basically am doing here is this static gave me direction. It got the most amount of spend, right?... And then when I look at, like, how could I expand on this further? How can I make this better? I decided to do a video version and then start talking and explaining the glomerula mechanism, because I don't really have a landing page that is fully focused on this glomerula mechanism, okay? And on top of that, the overall click-through, click-through rate on this just wasn't that good. So I'm gonna focus on executing this idea better. That was my action plan. So double down on the thing that I got the direction on, and then go from there, okay? And so that's it. That's how you guys can process ads on, on-- or process learnings on losing ads. And at the end of the day, guys, again, it's gonna be hard, it's gonna be awkward, but hopefully that little, you know, extra thing where you can compare it to other winning ads that you know are winning ads and try to draw the comparisons, that'll help you spot, um, some of the issues. But just know for, like, the first ten to twenty to thirty times you guys do this, you might just make very bad-- like, not bad learnings, but just, like, very broad learnings. Like, oh, this image sucks. [chuckles] And I'm here to tell you guys to try to not make those learnings, 'cause I've already done that, and I'm telling you guys that it's like, hey, that's, that's probably not the reason why it doesn't work. It's probably something to do with the messaging, how you're framing it, what you're saying, all that kind of stuff, or the fact that you don't actually explain it. But my point is, is hopefully you guys just watching me kind of live, process learnings on an ad, and this doesn't mean you need to spend thirty to forty minutes processing learnings on, you know, a single ad, but if it's a winning ad, I definitely would. And for a losing ad, you know, spend ten or fifteen minutes, right? At the end of the day, guys, you, you know you can only make one ad per day, and so how do I, how do I spend that extra time? Well, like, maybe I just review those ads even more, just like how you take time to make sure that the script that you wrote is the best script. Well, once you've actually tested, you need to figure out why it didn't work. And a- again, just so you know, these are not... Your, your-- what you-- the learnings that you make are not facts, they're guesses, okay? For now. That's the biggest thing that I- uh, before I wrap this up, I want to make very clear that the learnings that you're making are educated guesses. They are not facts. You cannot tell your brain that they're facts. This is the biggest mistake I see people make, is they're like: "Oh, this is why it's not working," right? Two things that don't go together needs to be on every single ad. Like, that, that is not a fact, okay? That is a guess, right? Now, I've made enough guesses, and then when I've taken those guesses and I've retested them, and they've then turned into winners, I get validation that my guess was right, and then I can double down on it, right? And that's how guys scale so fast, because they guess- they, they take these guesses, these educated guesses from doing learnings, and then they apply them. You have to apply them, and then after you apply them, if that actually does turn into a winner, guess what? You guessed correctly. [chuckles] And now that can become slightly more of a fact. It's probably still not a hundred percent fact, but it becomes more of a fact, and then you can test that idea or that guess again in a different version. And so that is what you're, what you're doing. I wanna make sure that's very, very clear, because I don't want you guys to defeat yourselves, where it's like: "Oh, I, I watched semester's learnings video. I did learnings on my ads. I compared it to this. Now I know exactly why it's not working." And then you go and retest, and it doesn't work, and now you're like, "E-com sucks." [chuckles] I don't want you guys to do that, okay? So these are guesses. Even for me, at my level right now, like, all of those learnings that I just made, even though I didn't write them down, I was kind of talking them to you guys, and you should be writing them down. I'm just trying to do this for a video's sake. Make sure that you test them, and make sure that you understand that they are just guesses, okay? They are not facts. They only become slightly more facts until you actually see validation and say you created a winning ad. So, for example, if the video that I just made then turns into a winning ad, my guess that people really like this hyper-specific, easy way to stay in a deficit, and I can communicate that to them properly with glomerula, if, if that turns into a winning ad, my guess was right, okay? Or somewhat right, okay? And that's how you know you're getting better at learnings. How you kind of judge how good you are at learnings is, when you do learnings, can you make an- a winning ad? Like, someone who is world-class at learnings can do learnings on an ad and then turn it into a winning ad, and that's something that Carlo does. [chuckles] And that's something that I have the ability to do as well, or have done before. Now, is it a hundred percent of the time? No. So I'm probably not the best at learnings in the world. But if it's, like, sixty percent chance, seventy percent chance that whenever I do learnings on an ad, I can then turn into a winning ad, or at least... And here's the thing, there's so many final things, but one other thing that I want to mention is that just because you do learnings on an ad doesn't mean you have to do something with it, okay? So if an ad completely flops, it gets zero dollars in spend, 

maybe you just look at that ad and you're just like: "You know what? Here's why I think it didn't work." But I don't really think, based off of the research that you've probably done, the six days after it went live or seven days after it went live, and maybe you have a new direction, or you have something else that is giving you a direction in the ad account that's a different angle, you might not need to do anything with this. You might just be like: "Okay, I get why this didn't work. I screwed this, this, this, and that up, or at least I think" – again, crucial – "I think I screwed this, this, and that up. That's my guess of why this didn't work. But I'm gonna go and continue this direction that I'm in right now, 'cause I feel like I've got something over here," and that's totally fine. The most important thing, like I said, is, is just to have an action plan. And so even if we jump back on the screen just for a second, this action plan can just be like: "Hey, you know what? I learned to not do A, B, C, and D anymore. That's great. I'm gonna make a mental note of that, and now I'm gonna potentially apply that to the other angle that I'm working on, or to the other thing that's actually getting spent in the account." All right? So there you go. That's how you complete learnings on losing ads. That's just one example of, uh, image ads, and I hope- hopefully, this helps you guys kind of see how to do it live. And you can spend, you know, thirty minutes just processing learnings, taking a look at data. And again, if your ads get zero spend at all, well, then you don't have any data, so just focus on what I did on the rest of the video, which is processing learnings of why your customers don't care about your ads. Uh, and then try again to do your best to put those educated guesses into action. And then if those actions actually lead to winning ads, you guessed right. If they didn't, it's okay, you guessed wrong. You can potentially go back and process learnings again, either on that ad, um, or as you should, on that new ad that you made with those- with that information that you gathered from your previous learnings. And that's how learnings compound, so you can get to the point where hopefully, you know what you're doing more times than you don't. So that is it. That is everything you need to know about learnings on losing ads. Apologies for the longest outro ever, but I will see you in the next one.