... All right, guys. So in this video, I'm gonna show you a updated strategy of how to find winning ads, 'cause something super important that I want you guys to understand is that if you don't know what a winning ad looks like, it's gonna be very hard for you to make one, right? And so the point of this video is to help you guys try to create a winning ad. Now, what is the tool that I'm using? The tool is called AdSpy, okay? If you guys have never heard of it before- it's gonna keep sending me here. Can I please just Google AdSpy? There we go. Um, you'll be able to find it down here. There's a tool called AdSpy, and if you guys actually look up AdSpy coupon code, I don't have a discount code for you guys. I don't even think they have, like, a, um, a proper thing, but I, I had this discount code that allowed me to basically get, like, a percentage off for the first few months. Um, I don't know where it came from. Let me see if I can find this for you guys, 'cause you don't need to watch me struggle here. All right, fire! I found it. [chuckles] So if you guys, uh, subscribe here, let's see. It's gonna... Let me, let me go into a new link, but this should be the code. Let me, let me jump into a new browser. [chuckles] All right, it does work, so that's fire. So apparently, you get it... Yeah, so what does it say? You get it for ninety-four bucks a month for two months, then one forty-nine after that. So yeah, you guys save, like, I don't know, fifty-five bucks. You're welcome. I did some hunting for that. But anyway, so let's, let's get back here, okay? So the point is, is inside of AdSpy, the way that you use the tool is very, very simple, okay? Um, we, we use it in combination with Atria, but if you just think about any- look at these ChatGPT ads coming out for Alfy. If you think about any brand that you want to look at, right? Um, there's a few good ones, like, I mean, you could go to Atria and, and go to Discovery and-- or if you know any brands, you could also check the pinned Discord. Shout out to Ernesto. If you're watching this, you're a legend. Um, for example, Norse Organics, really good brand. I actually have some examples that I'll show you guys, uh, from there as well, but let's take a look at, at Space Goods, right? They're, they're a pretty big brand, so let's see what they do. So we're gonna go ahead and try to find their, um, their Facebook name here, which is Space Goods, and we're gonna go over to AdSpy. Once you log in, you're good to go, once you create your account. It's a hundred bucks, but, I mean, if you're a savage marketer, some of you guys probably already have this. But you're gonna go to AdSpy, you're gonna click add that name, okay? Now, what you're gonna do is you're gonna filter by shares, and the reason why we're gonna filter by shares is 'cause usually, shares is what tells you the best ad. Longest running does not always mean best ad, okay? And we know that from just looking at our brands as well, okay? But what you guys can see here is you can see ads that are getting a lot of engagement, and it's filtered by that, right? Here's the dope part about AdSpy: you can then click and actually just pull up this Facebook post, and you can also read all of their comments, which is super fire, okay? So you can go through and read all this stuff. I mean, I don't know if you guys can do this with the ad library. You probably can, but the point is, um, here we are, right? "Morning routine starter pack. It's better than coffee. Lion's Mane, Ashwagandha, Cordyceps, Maca Root, Chaga Mushroom." Okay, cool. Now, what you can do is you can scroll down, you can check the dates. So this was created on August twenty-eighth, and it was last seen on February twenty-first. So it is obviously, you know, like April third. So this ad got turned off, right? And that's what's really nice about this, is we can see when they got turned off. So if you guys also wanna add a filter that says it was seen between this date and this date, or if you just wanna make it so that it's, it's this month, so you could just say, "Hey, I wanna make sure that it was seen between these days," well, now we can see the ads with the most shares that were also seen during this time period. So if we go over here to check out this ad, now this is probably one of their top performers, right? "No more groggy mornings. Lion's Mane, Ashwagandha," blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Now, this is where we use this to our advantage, okay? Now, there's a lot of things that you can do with this, but the point is, is you can just better understand what is going on. Look at this: "I was really skeptical about this a few days in, and I have noticed a massive improvement in energy." There you go, right? So no more groggy mornings. What, what do we do with that information? Well, what we can do with this is we can know that this is likely a winning ad, okay? So if you guys go into your ad account, which I'm going to do... All right, so here we are, and we pull up a static that we feel like, wow, like this is a really good static. Now, keep in mind, this is probably gonna be someone that's similar to you in your niche, or at least you can just take the-- you know, you can take this with a grain of salt. But the point is, is that you're going to be able to compare. All right, we know this static sucks. Got it. We know that this static is clearly working. It's, it's doing something good, and if you guys actually compare this to Atria, you sort by longest running, sort by active, what do you see in here? You don't see that ad, right? It's not here. I don't see it. I mean, maybe, I don't, I don't know. Maybe I've missed it, but the point is, is it's, it's an ad that got launched on March eighteenth, and it's starting to take off and do really well for them, okay? So what can we learn from this? Well, no more groggy mornings is a big takeaway that I would probably have, right? And so if I'm looking at mine, you know, I just see this, and this is just like, "Breathe easier with the world's first stand still humidifier." Okay, that's, that's not a bad headline, um, but this one is, is pretty, pretty self-explanatory. Like, no more groggy mornings. What if I just said something about that, where it's like, no more dry throat, no more waking up with dry throat? That's a learning that I could take and be like, "Okay, well, I could maybe make this better." And I want you guys to see that I'm kind of being like AI right now, and if you guys want to, again, this is gonna be stuff that's in the AI program. Take a-- ta- save this image, throw it in the ChatGPT, and, you know, say... And then take your image and throw it into ChatGPT, and you can say, "I want you to take the learnings from this," and say, like, "Process and identify this, and create an ad for this product and this brand in particular that is similar to that." You guys can do that, okay? And this is actually even cooler to do because this is a completely different niche. If I was obviously selling mushroom coffee and I just completely ripped this, it's probably not gonna do as well 'cause these guys already did it. But if I take some inspiration from a brand that's not even close to my niche, that actually might work for us, 'cause it's kind of opening up a new thing that people haven't seen. So that's something that I would take away, is like, okay, we're just saying no more. Also, no more is a really good thing. What's-- no more something, people hate. Let's go and try that. And again, you guys should be writing all of this stuff down. I don't have my, uh, my... Oh, look at that! I've, I've got a, I've got a-... pen, and I've got a, I got a Sharpie here, but you guys should be writing every single one [chuckles] of these down, okay? God, these videos are getting out of control. Uh, but the point is, is that's the first thing that I would write down. The second thing I would write down is, like, this actually looks really good. I don't know why, but this looks like hot chocolate to me a little bit, and I'm like, that actually looks pretty good. Like, if that's mushrooms, like, that's kind of interesting, right? So that's another thing that I'd be looking at. Now, overall, is this ad something that I'm, like, blown away with? Not really, and what I like AdSpy for... AdSpy. Uh, AdSpy for is actually finding, like, really good videos and really good VSLs, which I will actually pull you guys up as well. But the point is, is you can then compare to a winning ad. Let's just see if we go to, like, one of our big competitors. Let's take a look at Canopy, right? This is one of Care/Pod's biggest competitors. Let's see what they're doing. Oh, God, it's gonna be, uh... What is Canopy's frickin' name? Let's go to Discovery, Canopy. Uh, what is their meta name? Let's find out. And I got to follow to un- well, it should just be Canopy. I don't know why. Sorry, guys, I'm struggling here. Hold on. All right, I found the name. It's Get Canopy. Okay? I had to do a little bit of hunting there, but let's go ahead and do that. So let's add advertiser, Get Canopy. It actually says none, so maybe I messed something up here. Um, I'm gonna have to do a little bit of digging. So let's go to the ad library and see if they're even running ads. I'm ninety-nine percent sure that they should be, but this is off-season for humidifiers, so they may not be running ads. Get Canopy. This is not the point of this video, so let me pause. Yeah, so what's interesting is they've actually pivoted to looking at shower heads now because they know they're about to get wrecked for humidifiers, but we're still cooking. Don't matter. But anyways, let me go ahead and find a different brand for you guys that's not so seasonal. All right, fantastic! True classic. A brand everybody knows, right? Let's take a look at what's performing great for them. Well, look at this ad. This has thirteen thousand likes, four thousand comments, and four hundred and sixty shares, and it's been running since October, and it's clearly ripping for them. So, "Jeans that never skip leg day. Instant butt lift, no sag, super stretch, classic denim colors." This is- this might be an AI, AI avatar. Let's go ahead and check out this ad, right? And let's try to break down and figure out why this is great. 

Things that men can wear. 

Ah, let's figure out why this is a great ad. Okay, so I'm gonna go ahead and turn down the volume here, so my ears don't blow off, and let's try to figure out why this is a great ad. 

Men can wear. 

Man, if the volume would play, that would be fantastic. God, I hate Facebook. 

Stiff or have... These are the worst- 

All right, here we go. We're actually gonna watch it now. Let's do it 

... thing that men can wear. Most jeans are either super baggy, too stiff, or have a terrible wash, but there is nothing sexier than a man wearing true classic jeans. They're made with ultra-soft, four-way stretch fabric that are designed to mold and lift your butt, so never sag around your midsection. Plus, they come in a bunch of different colors. [upbeat music] 

All right, a lot of things to break down here, so let's do it because this might actually be helpful for you guys to make ads that don't suck. So let's go ahead- 

These are the worst thing that men can wear. 

And understand that hook, okay? I'm gonna go back into AdSpy here to see if I can just play it. 

These are the- 

Perfect, 'cause I hate when Fa- when I pause the video, Facebook makes me frickin' throw up the black screen. Anyways, these are the worst things that men can wear. I want you guys to understand how powerful this hook is right here if you actually understand everything that we've been talking about, about desires, awareness levels, and knowing your customer, okay? This is a girl- 

Worst thing- 

... that's, you know, she's not ugly. [chuckles] My girlfriend's in the other room. But the point is, is that we're saying these are the worst thing that men can wear. If you're a single guy, which is kind of their avatar, wanna look good, you know, they have desire. They wanna find girls, get girls. I haven't been single, single in a long time. You guys can tell. That is going to grab your attention. "Wait, what? What am I doing wrong?" This might be the reason... You know, it's, it's new hope, right? A lot of these guys, even though they're, like, two hundred and eighty pounds, you know, [chuckles] whatever it is, living at their mom's place. The point is, is, like, these are the worst thing that men can wear. It's like you're... They're gonna be like, "Oh, this is the reason why. Like, I, I, I knew it was something else," right? It's like: "I, I knew it had to be my jeans," right? But the point is, is, like, this is grabbing them right by the desire. I was gonna say, by the balls, but [chuckles] it's grabbing them at their core desire of wanting to get girls. So listen to this hook and just listen to how it goes. 

Worst thing that men can wear. 

Okay, so here's another thing that I want you guys to understand. This is just from me reviewing a lot of ads as well, okay? These are the worst thing that men can wear. W- this guy's just wearing basic Levi's. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, there's curiosity here where you're like, "What is he doing?" Whereas, like, if he was wearing, like, a pink crop top or some weird shit, you know what I'm saying? And I'm- no hate on pink crop tops, but the point is, is, like, if you were looking at this, and it was obvious what, what he was doing wrong, you would, you would maybe not stop. But your, your mind is curious right now. You see this girl on the screen. She's saying this is the worst thing that men can do. A girl talking to a man. By the way, if you sell to men, fantastic way to sell a lot more. But the point is, is that this is... There's not anything weird that this guy's doing. 

These are the worst thing that men can- 

Like, so you might be a little bit confused, like, "What, what, what is he doing wrong?" Like, he's just wearing jeans and a shirt, right? And so what do you do? You keep watching, right? And that is the point of the hook. The hook is supposed to grab the person in, right, and keep them watching. Not just grab them for three seconds, but keep them watching. So let's see how they transition this. 

Wear. Most jeans are either super baggy, too stiff, or have a terrible wash. 

So there we go. I actually just got some new information, right? Okay, well, apparently, this girl is saying that most jeans are either super baggy, and if I have baggy jeans, I'm like, "Shit." Or they're too stiff, and if, if I don't wear jeans, I'm like, "Well-... Yeah, like that, that hits me, too. And if they have a terrible wash, I might be like, "Shit, maybe I don't know the right jean color. Like, maybe I am wearing the wrong jeans," right? So now she's going right away, and again, you guys might see this ad and laugh, but I'm telling you guys, like, you, you wanna understand why things are working, you have to go this deep and analyze every single frame and every single section of what they're talking about, because this is what's happening in the mind of the consumer, okay? So most jeans are super baggy, too, too stiff, or a terrible wash. You're like, "Shit, okay. Well, let's keep watching." 

But there is nothing sexier than a man wearing True Classic jeans. 

Okay, so this is where I feel like pitch heavy, but, you know, if you're hooked in, guys are simple, right? All right, cool. Look at this dude. He's, he's jacked. I mean, he's a little, little bit sus, but the point is, [chuckles] is this is something where we're probably pitching too soon, and when I say that, it's-- we kind of went from, like, we built up all this thing, we built up all this hype. It's like, okay, jeans are this problem, right? And it's just like, that's why, you know, True Classic, there's nothing sexier than a guy wearing, it just says these jeans. She says True Classic, but I kind of like how they said these jeans rather than the brand specifically, because that just feels a little less salesy. And so if I was gonna do an iteration on this, I would actually t- try, like, sitting in the problem longer and maybe visualizing it more. It's like, "You look so awkward when you're wearing those stiff jeans," or like, "If you have baggy jeans, that's such a turn-off to girls that you actually want to..." Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, I would maybe sit deeper in that. It's like, most guys think baggy jeans are cool. It's like, we think they're gross, right? Whatever that is, like, you could sit more in the problem, but she's just getting straight to it, and clearly, this ad is working. But the point is, is now she's saying, "These jeans are a lot better," and it's like, now you got this freaking dude [chuckles] wearing these tight jeans, and, uh, she's saying it looks better, right? So here we go. 

They're made with ultra-soft, four-way-stretch fabric that are designed to mold and lift your butt. 

So mold and lift your butt. If you're a guy, you're like, "Bro, this is, this is kind of sus," but I mean, if that's, if that's what she says, like, shit, maybe that's what I need, right? And then here we go right here. This is a, this is such a good part right here. 

So never sag around your midsection. 

Never sag around your midsection. Like, you know, this is [laughing] this is her, like, calling the shots. Like, look, look at her face on this, you know? So it's like, that's gonna hit a guy. It's like, "I don't need no sagging in my, in my midsection. Like, come on, bro. Like, I, I don't need this," right? And so it's like, what does that do? That gets you in a place where you need to go and buy the product, right? And I'm gonna continue to play the ad. 

Plus, they come in a bunch of different- 

This is just bonus now. This is selling, "Hey, plus they come in a bunch of colors." Okay, great. Good to know. 

Colors. 

Most people have probably clicked by then, but if they haven't, this is what I love about this: bundle and save. Why do you think True Classic said, "Bundle and save"? Because AOV, the call to action is to bundle and save, not just get your first pair today or try a pair today. It's bundle and save because they want people to come in and buy multiple jeans. They don't want you to think about trying it. They don't want you to think about, like, maybe test it out. Bundle and save. Get them all. These are the best jeans we already know. Boom! Bundle and save. And that is going to incentivize people who stayed this long to go and actually just bundle and save. Okay, so this is one ad. We just spent ten minutes going through one ad here. There's a few other here as well, but the point is, is this is how you guys can start to see how we get inspiration for ads and how we can then take this to go and jot down ideas. So if I sold to this avatar specifically, there's even learnings that I can take from this other than just breaking down the ad. 

Worst- 

But I could also take the... Again, what's something that we, we took away from this? Well, a girl talking to a guy is really good. She also created a curiosity gap. She said that this is the worst thing that a man can wear, but the guy's not even doing anything weird, right? So that's a, that's a curiosity gap that has to be, like, that has to be satiated. As a guy, you're like: I need to know what she's talking about because I don't understand, right? And another thing here that's super powerful is if you could tap into the negative, where you're saying, "This is the worst thing that you can do," people are more motivated by fear, right? Rather than it's like, "I love when a guy wears this," it's like, that can work, but if, if a girl is saying, like, "This is literally, you know, repellent, [chuckles] don't do this," you might be like, "Oh, shit. Oh, shit!" Y- y- like, you see what I'm saying? So I'm, I'm acting like you guys are here right next to me, but the point is, is I want you guys to use this tool to be able to find winning ads that can help you understand. And again, True Classic is a brand that we follow as well. I'll go ahead and, and search them up just to see if I can find them. And this ad might be up there, it might not be, but again, shares tell you that they're getting really good engagement, and that ad is likely converting, okay? Shares are not everything, but I want you guys to understand that a lot of the times, that can really, really, really help you find really great ads. Again, longest running, none of these ads are... I don't see this ad here, right? Finally, the jeans that feel like joggers. There you go. This is another variation that looks like it's been running since February. But the point is, this ad was launched in October, and it's crushing. I, I probably skim, skimmed by it. I can't see it. I don't even see this ad on here. This has been running since January? Yeah, they don't even have this on ad on here. So there you go, right? So that's why AdSpy-- I'm not saying Atrius is useless, but the point is, is like Atrius actually, we use Atrius more for like, um, creative, uh, a- analytics more than anything now, but AdSpy is a tool that we use to try to find really good ads. So that's AdSpy, okay? And we're putting together a doc of winning ads for you guys, where we're breaking everything down just like this. So there's not just gonna be one example of these, but like, hopefully, dozens of examples of us breaking down really, really good ads, h- giving you guys frameworks to help you understand why the ads work. And hopefully, this breakdown was helpful for you guys. If you're struggling to, to know what a winning ad looks like, there you go. There's it fully broken down for you, and you guys can use this to compare your ads to any other ad, right? If you compare your video to this one, and you're like, "Damn, I'm not even tapping into any of those desires. I'm not driving any of that curiosity. I'm not giving the people a reason, I'm not giving people a reason to keep watching. I'm not actually, you know, s- staying in the pain point, or like, I'm not actually transitioning properly, and I'm not, you know, focusing on what my avatar really wants," there you go. That's why your ad's not working. It's not because you didn't, because you used the three reasons why, or, you know, this one hook that you got from this one creator sucked. You have to go deeper, okay? So hopefully, this helps you guys. This is why AdSpy is sick for us to find, uh, top-performing ads based off of shares and not just longest running. So hopefully, that's helpful for you, and, uh, I'm sure there's some other people using AdSpy in some crazy ways, but this is the way that we're using it right now, and, uh, it's been awesome. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video, and it helps you better understand and helps you make more winning ads.