... All right, guys, so in this video I'm gonna show you how to review winning ads, even if you don't have any winning ads. And it's basically just gonna be using the doc that I have inside of, uh, Origins for Videos, as well as the doc that we have around statics, okay? And so I'm gonna do live learnings with you guys here as well. Um, just because the way that you look at a winning ad, um, is gonna be different than the way that you look at a losing ad. Okay? And so I wanted to do this ad specifically because I felt like this ad was super interesting. This ad here, uh, was super interesting, okay? And so I'm gonna try to actually turn on the volume here. I'm gonna unmute the site. It might be really, really loud. Hopefully it's not. Um, but this is what you guys can do, where you guys already have my learnings, and you guys will have learnings on this as I continue to do them. I'm not gonna do every single ad, uh, on this call, because we'd be here for hours. Um, but if you take a look at the overview here, right, you guys have access to some of my learnings, right? So bold numbers call out, stops the scroll, emphasize the effectiveness of the solution, fourteen plus hours for the problem. Body copy connects and completes the static ad while providing clarity on the actual product and hot mechanism. Great spelling, Spencer. Mecha- [laughing] mechanism, uh, compression socks. Okay, and so here, again, you guys can take learnings by looking at my learnings and then even trying to expand it further, right? Now, if you really wanna understand how to get good at learnings, you just keep asking, like, "Why does this matter?" Right? So bold numbers call out, that stops the scroll. Why, why would that stop the scroll? Well, because it's a bold claim, and again, it's like you're saying something that should happen is not going to happen because of this product, right? So think about trying to take broader learnings from ads that are not yours to apply- so you, you, you almost have to take, like, a step up to apply it to your brand specifically. Okay, now this is a much more advanced strategy of, like, processing learnings on winning ads, but again, at least you know these are winners, and you can just look at these and be like, "Okay, why, why is this working?" Right? Like, even something like this, seventeen meals for two sixty-five per meal. That's super interesting. I don't even have that as a learning on here, okay? I don't, I don't mention this, but when I look at this ad again and do another round of learnings, I'm like: Okay, well, that's kind of crazy. Like, seventeen meals for two hundred... two dollars and sixty-five cents per meal. Like, most meals cost me ten dollars. You're telling me I can get a meal for two dollars and sixty-five cents? Like, just that small thing could be what's actually making this ad work so well. And not only is it- it's not just any meal, it's a meal with forty grams of protein. Pretty crazy! Forty grams of protein for two bucks. Unless you just wanna eat a chicken breast, I mean, [laughing] it's pretty crazy, right? And so my point is, is like, okay, well, how could I imply- how can I show value differently? They're doing per meal. If you actually go to their website, it's probably a lot more expensive, right? Um, but they've just framed it in a way that is cheaper and makes it feel more attainable. So you know what? When you break it down that way, it's not too bad. That's a learning that you can take. Okay? Um, and so let's go ahead and try to break down one of these videos, though, because I know I just did learnings on an image, so now I want to do learnings on a video for you guys. And I'm gonna show you guys how I kind of review videos. And again, you would be looking at all of the same metrics here as well, right? So you'd be looking at amount spent, ROAS, conversion rate, AOV, uh, frequency, to see if it's kind of more retargeting or not. For those of you that don't know what frequency means, it means y- how many, how many times people see your ad, okay, on average. And so, for example, people were seeing this ad on average three times, yet it got two percent of spend, [laughing] which is not good, okay? So this means it's retargeting. Like, Meta is basically saying, like: "Gosh, Spencer, this is a shitty ad. I've got to go and show this to people who are, like, ready to click and buy now, otherwise it ain't gonna get purchases, brother." [laughing] Basically what Meta was telling me, okay? I'm also gonna look at the hook, hold, and average play time. But let's just say this was a, you know, a winning ad. Let's go ahead and, and take a look at this. And so first thing that I want to mention is that I'm just gonna play and pause the hook multiple times, because the hook is one of the most important things, okay? So if, if you can really try to double down and understand why the hook works, and actually, I have the video here, which is kind of nice. So, and kind of, like, click right in here because I'm sneaky. Um, I can really try to understand what is making- 

... That's making- 

So let's go back and let's just play the hook. It- this is gonna be, like, awkward silences and stuff like that, but let's just go ahead and, and try to process learnings. 

The hollow fiber revolution that's making cardiologists trash their own compression socks happened completely by accident. 

All right, so it's about a seven-second hook, but you'll notice that didn't feel like seven seconds to me. Like, I don't know, I- like, that was very slippery slope, [laughing] where every single line kind of had me intrigued for the next one. Okay? And so let's, let's just try to review this, well, and I might watch this a couple more times, but I'm gonna pause it after this kind of first line here. 

The hollow fiber revolution that- 

So right there, the hollow fiber revolution. Okay? Now, why is that, why is that interesting? Because first of all, what is hollow fiber? I don't know what that is. I've never heard of that. What is that? That's a new mechanism. Okay, and from there, kind of talks about this revolution. So revolution is a very bold claim, where it's like, what it, like, what is happening? How am I missing out on this? First of all, I don't know what hollow fiber is, and now it's some kind of revolution that's happening. 

So again, what does that do? It creates... It, it's like an open loop. I'm like: Well, what's the hollow fiber revolution? I need to keep watching. And then on top of that, it's like, it has me interested because this girl is still-... just kind of like putting on socks. You know what I mean? 

The hollow fiber revolu- 

Like, she's kind of putting on these big socks. Let's just keep watching what she's doing. 

-tion that's making cardiologists trash their own- 

Like, she didn't even finish putting them on, but you could tell, like, these are kind of tight socks. 

The hollow fiber revolution- 

And she's kind of, like, struggling to put them on, which is interesting. So you can probably see that they're compression socks, and so visually, this is kind of calling out the avatar as well that's looking for compression socks, at least if you ask me. And again, these are all learnings, guys. Remember, these are educated guesses of why I think this ad's working. And so now that I'm looking at this, I'm like, "Okay, we haven't even got past the first one second." I'm like, "Holy cow! All right, how could I apply this for my brand?" Well, let's see. The new mechanism kind of revolution. Even if you just want to do something as simple as that, I could take this for Zend and potentially say, "Okay, the hollow fiber revolution." What if I talked about the, um, the hormone protection revolution, right? Could be interesting. Now, that's terrible, [chuckles] and that's probably not gonna work that well, but I could also think, "Well, what is a different mechanism?" I could also say the d- the DPP-4 enzyme revolution, or like blocking, or like blocking DPP-4 enzyme, or something like that. Now, that might be too wordy, but at the end of the day, it's like, how can I take my unique mechanism and try to communicate it the same way? Now, there's something that happens next that I'm gonna hopefully help you guys understand, like, at another level. Um, but I want to basically dive into this a little bit further, so let's go ahead and continue to play it. 

The hollow fiber revolution that's making cardiologists trash their own compression socks. 

All right, so let's talk about this, because this is a huge, huge thing that a lot of people don't understand. It plays such a massive role, okay? So we've got the hollow fiber. We've got this new mechanism revolution that's happening, okay? And, and I just want you guys to know that, like, all we're doing is we're just looking at what the script is saying, and we're trying to understand how is this making the customer feel and why is this working for them, okay? So we just broke down the hollow fiber revolution, new mechanism revolution. Now, here, that's making- 

And that's making cardiologists- 

Cardiologists. 

That is a very... This one word is crucial if you-- a- and I only know this because I've seen so many ads leverage something called authorities, okay? This is crucial to the success of this ad, because guess what? I just made a big claim here. 

The hollow fiber revolution. 

The hollow fiber revolution. Fancy. Okay, I'm interested, and then how do I keep someone interested? 

And that's making cardiologists- 

That's making cardiologists. Now I've just leveraged an authority. Let's take a second to go in and try to figure out, and I'm supposed to be completing learnings on this ad, but what is a cardiologist? Can't even spell it. "Cardiologist is a medical doctor who specializes in diagnosing and treating conditions of heart and blood vessels." Okay. Well, when we go back to this ad, we're basically saying doctors who specialize 

in diagnosing and treating conditions of the heart and blood vessels. So think about the avatar that's also being called out here. Now, this woman doesn't look too old, but people who have potential, like, blood flow or circulation issues probably see a cardiologist, right? And so that's exactly who these products are for, right? Do cardiologists recommend compression socks? 

Yes, cardiologists may recommend compression socks for certain conditions to help with blood circulation in the legs. So what has this ad done? It's shown that they understand their customer, because someone who is using compression socks and someone who struggles and, or has maybe even seen cardiologists before, is we're now leveraging that authority in this ad in a way that is just like, oh, it's, it's so good, and it's like I'm not surprised that this ad is, is working really well, okay? And so again, we're not even past the first, like, ten seconds, guys, and so I want you guys to know, like, how much time I spend on the hook specifically, because the hook is, like, the biggest point to getting someone hooked in and engaged, right? And just understand that, like, think about it in fishing, guys. Like, when you're fishing, and I've got to go full screen for another random Spencer analogy. When you're fishing, right, maybe you've never fished before, you, you throw your cast out, you get a bite. You hook that fish in. Do you just want to hook the fish in and then, like, have it-- and then, like, get off- and then it gets off the hook before you reel it in and it just swims away? Like, no. [chuckles] You want to keep it hooked in, and so when you hook someone, you have to keep them hooked on, and that's what this video is doing a great job of so far. Again, we're only, like, seven sec- we only watched the first seven seconds, but that is the whole purpose of the hook, is to keep someone hooked in. And a lot of you guys think a hook is, like, just getting someone to stop their scroll. That's the same as like, okay, you get a fish on when you're fishing, but then it just falls right off two seconds later. Like, some of you guys will, I don't know, do some crazy transitions where it's like some, I don't know, dude is, like, running around [chuckles] like, shirtless or something, and it's like, yeah, it's gonna stop the scroll, but it might not keep me watching. Okay, so it's very, very important that you understand that hooks are about keeping people hooked in, not just hooking them in general, okay? So let's go back. I promise I'm gonna finish this point here, but the hollow fiber revolution that's making- 

-ution, that's making cardiologists trash their own compression socks happened completely by accident. 

All right. [chuckles] Yeah, it's just like copywriting mas- masterclass. So these cardiologists, because of this hollow fiber, it's making these professionals, these authorities, trash their own compression socks. 

Well, if someone who's an authority, a cardiologist, is basically saying, "Yeah, our own socks aren't as good because of this new fiber," what do you think that does to the customer? Well, shit-... I guess it's really good. [laughing] And did we say hol- like, does anywhere in here, does it say that hollow fiber is the best fiber for compression socks? No, it does not say that anywhere. But how- again, this is when we talk about, big shout-out to Kyle again, and Copywriting 101. When you're reading the copy, when I'm reading this directly, it's like, "The hollow fiber revolution that's making cardiologists trash," you know, uh, "their own compression socks." That's what's, that's what's w- written. What is actually being communicated is the fact that this mechanism is so good, that authorities are saying, "Yeah, it's actually that good." That's what's being said. That's what's actually being said, okay? And now I love this little touch here. It's just great. It's, it's great copywriting. So trash their own compression socks. 

Compression socks happened completely by accident. 

Happened completely by accident. Now, the wording here is a little bit awkward, if you ask me. It's like, happened completely by accident, but 

it's like, again, curiosity, slippery slope. Well, how did it happen by an accident? See, it's like another hook, right? Well, I just watched six seconds. Okay, hollow fiber revolution, what is that? It's making cardiologists trash their own compression socks. How? Well, it happened by accident. Geez, well, what happened? And w- guess what? Oh, now I gotta keep watching, so let's keep watching. 

Accident. So why do most compression socks feel so uncomfortable? It turns out- 

All right, look at this. Why do most compression socks feel so uncomfortable? You think that's a pain point? Let's see. Why are compression socks so uncomfortable? Reddit. Well, I don't need to do research for this brand. [laughing] Look at this. "Does anyone else hate the way compression socks feel?" Look at this, right.

 "Yeah, I definitely hate the synthetic fabric." Understanding the customer, you think? Yeah, probably. Okay, now, we did kind of go away completely by accident. Now we're kind of into this storytelling, and guess what, guys? We haven't mentioned anything to do with our product yet. We're- they assume that we're talking about compression socks, so it's dr- bringing, bringing in the right audience, and it's, we're assuming that it's something to do with this hollow fiber, but we still haven't got to the product yet, okay? And again, the, the most important thing for you guys to understand here is, like, this is, this is how you keep attention. Get attention to then earn the right to show your understanding of the customer, okay? So this hook hooks someone in and has, leverages authorities, which is fantastic, and then we get to the point where now we're starting to, like, show our understanding of the customer. Okay, so here we go. 

And so why do most compression socks feel so uncomfortable? It turns out we've been using the wrong materials. 

Okay. Guess what? Materials. Materials are the problem. It has nothing to do... And, and, and what you'll notice about this is, like, we're not talking about some other brand. We're not saying that like, you know, these are like, um, this specific company over here, or it's like, or nobody makes them the right way, or no one makes them as good as we do. We're simply stating that we're using the wrong materials. That's why they're so uncomfortable. And you're gonna see the product's gonna get introduced very shortly here, but it's like, okay, well, I guess that makes sense. And guess what? You know what this does? This ties back to the original new mechanism of the hollow fiber, okay? We're using the wrong materials. It's like, oh, must be the hollow fiber that we need to use then. [chuckles] Let's see what happens next. 

Hollow compression socks use alpaca's naturally hollow fibers, what compression has been missing all along. Unlike- 

All right, this is, again, just a master class here. I need a sip of water here because I'm run- I'm getting dehydrated. All right, so let's break down this line again. 

Materials. Hollow compression socks use alpaca's nat- 

All right, so here we go. Alpaca's natural- naturally hollow fibers. 

I love this because their name is obviously Hollow Alpaca Socks, but this makes sense. Again, we're going back to what was the mechanism, the hollow fiber. Well, guess what? This uses this new mechanism, this new material of alpaca's hollow fibers, right? Oh, that would make sense, but let's see what we do next. 

Hollow fibers, what compression has been missing all along. 

That's what compression has been missing all along. Quite interesting. Okay, let's keep watching. 

Unlike synthetic fibers that- 

I love this. Unlike synthetic fibers that trap heat. Let's see if we can find this. Um, silicone, I think somebody talks... Yeah, "I hate the synthetic fabric and only use them when it's a really bad day." Um, 

look at that. So again, look at this, overheat. Guess what? Do you think this-- Do you think they did their research? [laughing] Yeah, probably, right? Again, this is just one Reddit thread as an example, but point is, is, like, look at these up votes. "I hate synthetic. Yeah, can't use them. They make me overheat." Do you think they understand their customer? 

Unlike synthetic fibers that trap heat, alpaca's hollow core actively regulates temperature, while- 

Look at that. 

Hollow a- alpaca, what does it say? "Alpaca's hollow core actively regulates temperature while maintaining perfect pressure." Well, does the job. Here we go. 

Perfect pressure. Nature engineered the perfect compression fiber. We just figured out how to use it. The sci- 

I love that, right? We... Hey, it's not even us. It's like nature already did this. We just figured out how to use it. And look at this clip, guys. Like, this is B-roll, like, stock footage one-on-one. [chuckles] Like, this is nothing crazy, right? And at the end of the day, it's like nature engineered the perfect fiber. So it's like, hey, we're not even the smart ones. It's all nature, right? They're not even taking credibility. They're not-- They're still not saying, like, "Hey, we're the best." It's like, "We just figured out how to use it." 

We just figured out how to use it. The science of alpaca, the comfort of clouds. Try hollow compression socks. 

I love this little benefit here, right? The science of alpaca, the comfort of clouds.

... Try Hollow Compression Socks and discover what compression should have always felt like. The hollow fiber revolution- 

I love that. Discover what compression should have always felt like. This makes it, it's like, gosh, like, again, this is very sensory, tapping into like, well, now I want to know, right? And that's why I love this CTA. Like, well, now I want to know what it feels like. And now actually even watching this ad, I want to kind of go back and, like, re-optimize the, the video that I wrote. But my point is, is, like, look at this, like, masterclass of a video and breaking it down. You'll notice I barely mentioned anything about the clips. I barely mentioned anything about the voiceover. I barely mentioned anything about how the titles are on the screen. I just went through this entire thing as a customer and r- and then used my marketer's brain to break it apart to understand why this is working, right? And so now from here, I have so many ideas for this brand specifically, but it's like, okay, well, now how can I apply this to my own brand? It's taking everything that I just mentioned. I'm not going to go back and repeat it, because the video's going to be too long. But it's like taking everything that I just mentioned, all of these things, you know, this new mechanism, this authority, this idea, uh, of, like, how there's this new material, or it's like, um, they, they used the wrong material, right? I show my understanding of the customer, right? And I talk about how this specific material has this specific mechanism of hollow fibers, right? And it's what compression's been missing. It has this thing that regulates temperature and, you know, nature basically engineered it, right? And so it's like, okay, well, now that I'm breaking all this stuff down, how can I take some of this learnings, some of these learnings, and try to write them all down? And again, just so you guys know, like, I'm talking them out loud to you guys, but I would be writing all of these down, and then I would be trying to figure out, okay, where can I plug and play this into my brand? And what you can do as well is everything that I just said, you could take this, you could give it to Claude and say, "Here, here's every reason why this is working. Can you apply this to my brand? How could we apply this to, to my brand specifically?" And if it has the information around your product or everything else, well, guess what? Now you can give Claude your learnings, be like: "This is why this is working." Now, I've given this to you guys on the house, um, but my point is, is, like, this is exactly like when you see a winning ad, this is how deep you want to go. And this is just one take, and this is just me doing it by myself. I would have my, as many team members as possible come to review this. I, I'd come back to this, like, maybe a couple-- like, in two days from now and review it again. I'd review what learnings I made and come back, because I probably missed some stuff. There's maybe something in here that I, that I missed, right? Completely by accident. Maybe here it's like, well, I don't really answer how this, how this was an accident, right? Because here they're saying, throwing out cardiolog- cardiologists trash their, um, socks completely by accident. Well, it's like, what, what is the actual accident? Like, I want to know how they accidentally stumbled upon this. So maybe I would do a variation or an iteration of this ad where I explain a little bit further, where it's like, until one day, you know, a farmer, you know, didn't have any wool socks left, or, like, didn't-- like, he'd already shaved the sheeps, but it had an alpaca, and decided, like: "Hey, I need socks. Like, I gotta, I, I gotta wear some kind of socks because mine are all dirty." And, you know, that's a made-up story. But my point is, is, like, maybe I could talk about how that, how, how that's how it came about, right? And I want to actually maybe complete this open loop around how it was an accident. Um, I don't really see that being done here. Maybe I missed that. But my point is, is, like, that is how you can complete learnings, and that's how you could try to even make ads better, especially... Now, could that make it better or worse? I'm not sure, but at the end of the day, that's how to process learnings on winning ads, okay? And so, again, the most important part here is to really study the hook, really understand why is someone interested in watching, and then from there, study the whole to figure out how is this closing someone to get them in the door. I even, even that very last line, I don't know how many people see it, but I love that, you know, this is... You know, try a, a hollow socks to figure out how compression socks should have felt, okay? Um, so hopefully this gives you guys an idea of, like, how to process learnings on winning ads, and I get excited about this. I'm like, "Holy shit, I've even got a bunch of ideas now for [chuckles] our brands internally," and stuff like that too. But I wanted to share this video with you guys to really help you understand, like, how deep you can go, how to process learnings the right way, and then from there, how you can then take all of your learnings, give it to Claude, and ask it to apply it to your brand, and then use that to make better ads, okay? And again, we're not stealing this ad. We're stealing the strategies that were used in this ad to apply to our own. And for the brand that I'm working, we're not even in the same niche [chuckles] right? But look at how much I just learned from this ad and from this mini marketing masterclass to apply to my brand. Pretty crazy, okay? Hope you guys enjoyed.