... All right, in this video, I'm gonna talk about how I turned a losing ad into a winning ad. I'm gonna show you basically how we processed learnings on this ad as a team. I'm gonna show you, um, like what are some things that we identified, uh, what are some things that we noticed, what is the information that we got from it. And then obviously, I'm gonna show you what I did to then use that information. Um, and like, what are-- like, what was my thought process? Because this script right here, like, I wrote it myself. Um, and I'm basically gonna break down exactly how I wrote the script, and like, what was the thought process, um, behind that script. So this is gonna be a short, kind of master class on how to make sure you learn from your ads, and how to make sure you properly close the feedback loop, and you properly do learnings on your ads. Um, because obviously, that is super, super important, and that is gonna be like one huge source of like, finding new winning ads. Like, when you have an ad that, you know, like, like maybe the ad is getting spent, it has decent performance, but, you know, it's, it's just not there yet. It's just like, you know, not performing super well. That ad is telling you something, and you should, you should try to learn from it, right? And I know a lot of you guys kind of struggle with that, so that's why, that's why I'm recording this video. Um, hopefully, I'll try to make it like as, as value-packed as possible. I'll try not to make it too long, um, [chuckles] 'cause I, I, I like to yap about this stuff a lot, but I'll try to make, um, the video as value-packed as possible. So before I kind of get into it, um, this is the product that these ads were made for. It's called Metaglow Collagen. Uh, this is one of our clients, and basically, the main, um, unique selling proposition of this product is that it naturally boosts GLP-1. So for those of you who are not familiar, um, to boost GLP-1, uh, right now, what you can do is you can get an Ozempic shot. Um, that's been like pretty, pretty trending recently, but like, there are like a lot of problems that come with, with taking Ozempic shots. Um, obviously, they're like hella expensive. Um, you kind of, you know, are kind of dependent on it, um, and just like a lot of kind of different negative things. And Metaglow Collagen is the only, um, marine collagen available right now that boosts GLP-1 naturally. Um, and that is because one ingredient inside it, that's called Dyglomera, uh, which I'll kind of get into that a bit later in the video. But yeah, that is kind of about the product, and obviously, well, like once you boost GLP-1, so GLP-1 is a hormone that basically kind of, um, tells your body to burn stored, to burn stored fat, it helps you curb cravings and whatnot, and like, just kind of a lot of benefits around weight loss, basically. So that is, um, that is a product, and that is, uh, that is kind of the mechanism that we'll be, we'll be kind of using to, um, to build these ads. So once we, um, kind of get here, um, first, I'm obviously kind of gonna, gonna play, uh, this first ad so you can kind of see it. And before I get into that, I will say, so like this ad, kind of, um, like it was almost a winning ad. So like it started doing really well. Um, it started performing pretty decently. It had like, um, it had decent soft metrics, um, and it was, it was a top spender in the account for like seven days. Uh, for like, for, for the first few days, it was performing very decently, and then it just like, it just dropped off for whatever reason, um, and we had to shut it off. Um, so that was kind of the, the context, context around this ad, and then obviously, we kind of processed learnings on it, and we tried to figure out, you know, why, why did this ad kind of, you know, show potential, and what can we learn from it? So, uh, before I kind of get into that, I'm gonna play the ad. 

[upbeat music] After birth, women... After birth, women have ten times the normal levels of the fat-storing hormone known as prolactin. People say it's easy to bounce back, that breastfeeding helps you lose weight. But here's the truth no one tells you: No matter how many calories you cut or how hard you go at the gym, losing weight postpartum can feel downright impossible. Your body is hormonally wired to hold on to extra puffiness and weight after pregnancy. It has nothing to do with your willpower. It's all about your hormones. That's where Metaglow comes in. A maternally overachieving collagen was created with clinically backed ingredients. It boosts GLP-1 to reignite metabolism while replenishing collagen to help flush out postpartum puffiness. Metaglow is formulated specifically for women dealing with stubborn hormonal weight. Thousands of moms have discovered what happens when you finally work with your hormones instead of against them. Try Metaglow today, and if nothing changes in sixty days, you get every penny back. Click the link to shop now, get free shipping, and lock in your transformation. 

All right, so, um, as you can probably noticed, we are targeting postpartum.

 All right, so as you probably noticed, um, like our target avatar, avatar here are postpartum women. Uh, so basically moms who like, just gave birth recently, and they're struggling to, to lose weight. That is obviously like a very huge problem and a strong desire that a lot of these women have. They just, they just wanna lose, like this extra weight that they got, uh, because of pregnancy and, um, they, they just like, keep retaining that weight because obviously their body is built for literally raising babies. Um, and like, if they're breastfeeding, um, their body just like, tends to hold on to extra weight because like, their body literally thinks that it needs this extra weight so that they can breastfeed effectively, right? So like, that's how their body works, and the, the hormone that regulates this is called prolactin. And we basically, um, kind of... When doing research, a lot of kind of women, um, have like, like, mentioned similar problems, that they, you know, like, retain weight, um, like postpartum, that they're struggling with it, and that they think because it's like they're breastfeeding, if that makes sense. Um, and-... so like we wanted to kind of build a story. We wanted to build narrative and an ad around, um, around why this happens and, and basically educate them that this happens because of this hormone. So we wanted to position this hormone as a villain in this story, if that makes sense. Um, and then kind of convince them that, uh, to like, to, you know, like regulate that hormone, they need another hormone. They need to kind of, um, they need to like boost another hormone that kind of, um, negates the prolactin, prolactin, if that makes sense. Uh, so, like, that was the entire point of this ad and what we tried to do here. Um, and obviously we kind of, we kind of had some previous ads that were talking about like postpartum puffiness and like retaining weight postpartum, that were showing some potential. That's why we decided to make this in the first place. Um, and then what I have here is like a document, um, on like additional research that our creative strategist, uh, did on like this entire topic. Um, and that's, that's basically what we used to kind of fuel this script. Um, but basically, 

when... Like I said, we, we ran this ad, it started doing decent, um, and then it kind of shut down. Um, and then when we were doing learnings, um, on this, uh, so like these were kind of the learnings that we had. So the winning hook was, "After birth, women have ten times the nor- nor- the normal levels of the fat-storing hormone known as prolactin." And the basically, the main reason why we thought this is doing well is because we mentioned this mechanism. So like we, we basically identified that this kind of fat-storing hormone is like a new information, that it's, it's something new and probably something that these women don't hear that often, and that's why they got interested in the ad. Um, so like that was our kind of main learning on like, why this showed strong potential. Um, so yeah, this kind of this gave women a medical scientific explanation for postpartum weight retention. Uh, right? So just like it, it, it explains then why that's happening. It gives them new hope that, you know, like: "Oh, it's because of this. What can I do to solve it?" Right? Um, and the most important thing is that it shifted blame from personal failure to biological reality. Um, obviously, a lot of these women, um, just like, they blame themselves for this. And like, if you, if you go through this, um, document, you will see that they're mentioning that they're, they're working out, they're like, uh, they're kind of, you know, paying attention to what they eat. They're, they're literally doing everything right, and they're still retaining this weight, and they can't lose it, right? So like, that's, that's the state they're in, and that's how they feel, which is obviously super important to understand when you're making ads. For your avatar, you need to understand what is their current situation, what are they currently feeling, and, um, you know, like what are some problems they're dealing with? And, and not like, just like the, the obvious problems, but like, what is their psychological state right now? And obviously, psychological state of, of these women is that they're just like frustrated, right? They're frustrated. They don't know why it's happening, and they, they think they're doing everything right. Um, and obviously, we can use that frustration, and we can use that, um, to our advantage, which I'll show you. I'll, I'll, I'll obviously show you how we did that, um, for the iteration of this ad. Um, but, uh, yeah, one thing that I wanted to show you as well is like how the brief for this ad looked like. Um, I know this might be probable for some of you guys, but this is, um, this is how we do briefs for the editors, just kind of random sauce in here. Um, so like, we obviously have three different hooks. Um, I say, um, I mentioned that, um, this one was the top-performing hook, so like this was hook number three. Um, then we just kind of mentioned, um, you know, what's, what's the copy that we wanna have here, and then I, I'm guessing, um, we kind of changed this like throughout, throughout the editing process. So like, obviously, the copy, um, for the, um, top-performing iteration was just like postpartum puffiness, so that changed. Um, and yeah, like for the hold and for, for the rest of the script, what we do is we simply just like, have, um, uh, like parts of the script highlighted, and then for each part of the script, we have, um, you know, like what do we want to show here. So like our editors know, you know, like what's kind of the main purpose of, of this, um, of this kind of segment in the script, if that makes sense. And then we just kind of give them, um, visual guidance by this, um, and then our editors know exactly what they need to do. So, um, yeah, I have this here, so just wanted to kind of mention that as well. But to get back to the learnings, um, like I said, um, like fat-storing hormone, prolac- prolactin, that was, that was like what we identified as the biggest thing of like why this showed strong potential. Um, and then this is like, uh, one soundbite from the learnings call. And by the way, one tip as well for the learnings call, we basically have like a note-taker on the learnings call that is kind of taking notes and recording and, you know, like recording the call. And then after the call, we, we get a transcript, um, from the call, and then we have a prompt that basically lets us kind of process. So like the prompt says, uh, we're a marketing agency, we run ads for multiple brands. Um, we explain how we run ads, so like we say that we, we mostly run CBO, you know, like that the ads are... Like the, the ads are getting spent, uh, based on like what Meta decides, if that makes sense. Like AI has context, so like it knows like what we're talking about on the call. And then, you know, we just kind of say within the prompt that, um, like the main purpose of this call is to like, look at ads that we ran and try to figure out why they, why are, why are they good, why are, why are they, why are they not good? [chuckles] Um, so we can basically, um, you know, get better as a team, and so we can, um, make even better and better ads. So like that's kind of the prompt that we have, and then we kind of just like send the call transcription of like every learnings call that we have. Um, like, and we process, process it through that prompt. Um, and that just like summarizes the learnings for us, and that's like useful, uh, for when making new ads for us. So that's one tip that I can give you as well, um, for learnings. So like, this is one soundbite, um-... from the call that we had, um, I think this is-- I believe this is what I said. So like, we kind of meet the women where they're at, we see you, if that makes sense. So we kind of, we agree with them, and we basically give them new hope that someone understands them. So yeah, this is like one thing that I also identified, um, as, you know, um, as something like... as a reason why this could do well, if that makes sense. So like, you know, we say, um, like, "Your body is hormonally wired to hold on to extra puffiness after pregnancy, and it's common for this to last for months or even for years for some women." So, like, it was pretty interesting. So it was like, we basically said, like, you know, this is normal, this is common, this is what happens. Um, it has nothing to do with your willpower. It's all about your hormones, right? So, like, here we're like shifting their belief from, oh, you know, like, it's like I'm doing something wrong. We shift their belief from that to, like, it's, it's your hormones, right? So, like, the real problem are your hormones, hormones. So, like, we create a new problem, basically, and we make them believe that, uh, like all of these problems and like all this kind of what's happening to them is because of their hormones, right? And now we have them interested. Now we have them dialed, and now we-- now they basically have a new hope that they could get rid of this problem, right? Which is super important when you're writing scripts and when you're, when you're obviously, you know, like making ads. You want to give people new hope of like, um, achieving their desires. This is like one of the key things that, uh, Eugene Schwartz talks about in Breakthrough Advertising. And you know, this is, this is what you need to do. So like, now you can see how we're basically kind of, you know, kind of explaining, uh, like, like we're getting-- we're making them curious with a fat-storing hormone. So like, as a new information, a new mechanism, we kind of explain, you know, uh, like the problem that they have. So like, we show that we understand them, and then we basically shift their beliefs, um, from the problem is me, to the problem are hormones, right? And then we obviously can start talking about the solution, and we can start talking about, um, how to solve that new problem that we just presented them, right? Um, so I just kind of found it rather interesting that, you know, like within this hook, obviously, we kind of agree with them, and we, um, give them a new hope that someone understands them, basically. So, like, that was one interesting thing that we, that we learned from this ad as well. Um, and then some other things that we have here. So, like the ad could work because it, one, acknowledges the reality. So, like, losing weight postpartum can feel downright impossible. Like I said, we kind of meet them where they're at. Um, it removes guilt, uh, so like it has nothing to do with your willpower. And then it provides scientific validation, uh, that your body is hormonally wired to hold on. Um, and then the team noted the script was almost a bit shallow with no narrative around it, so it can be a lot stronger. This is one, like, big thing as well. So like, now when I've kind of broken it down and when I explain, like, what we tried to do and like how the script is written, you probably think that this script is very good and that this script, you know, like, like should work. Uh, but you'll see, like, when I show you, uh, some like, other research that, that I did and some other things, um, you'll see how the script can be literally ten times better. Uh, so like, once I show you the second ad, and once you compare the second ad to the first ad, you'll see how the second one is much, much more persuasive. And we could have just, like, done a much better job at, um, at the entire script, right? Uh, but, uh, I-I'll get there. Um, so why this ad showed a good potential? So new mechanism introduction, like I said, fat-storing hormone. Uh, so like, this create, this created curiosity. Um, perfect timing. Um, this is just like an AI thing. I, I don't know. [chuckles] I don't know what the perfect timing is. Um, scientific authority. I do agree with that. So, like, using prolactin and ten times normal levels provides medical credibility without being too technical, uh, which is also, like, very important. And then emotional intelligence. Like, the script follows the exact emotional journey of the target audience, from frustration to understanding, to giving them new hope, and then obviously, at the end, um, presenting them, um, the solution that we have and then funneling them down towards our product, right? So that is basically like a breakdown of this ad, and that is, uh, that is how we kind of process learnings on our ads. Um, and you know, obviously now this should probably show you like some things that we look at, um, some things that we try to identify and how we go about just like making learnings and basically like identifying, like what are some certain aspects of like, why is this, why is this specific ad working? Why is it not working? What can we learn from that? How can we make the ad even better? Uh, so like these are some things that we, you know, that we look at. And a lot of it is just like, it's just doing it. Um, and you know, just like having the, the experience and, you know, just like doing this process of like ad learnings and closing the feedback loops. And the more you do it, the better you're gonna get and the easier it's gonna be. And like, if, if you never did ad learnings before, um, I'll say, like, it's very, it's very hard. Um, [chuckles] and like the first time you'll do it, you'll maybe pull up an ad, um, and you'll be like, "Okay, now what?" Right. So, like, for the first ten minutes, you'll maybe be, like, staring blank at it. But, like, I can promise you, you know, like, just like set, set like a twenty, thirty-minute timer for yourself. Have an ad in front of you. Um, you know, like, obviously, you should have context on, like, how the ad did. Did it get spent? Did it not get spent? Obviously, if the ad didn't get any spend and you don't have any data on it, it's gonna be extremely hard to, like, do learnings on it. Uh, but obviously, you still can, because if it didn't get spent, um, that means the ad is just trash and, you know, like, it, it didn't even qualify [chuckles] for, for Meta to show it to other people. So you should, you should still try to process learnings on it. Uh, but like, those are the hardest. Like, the best-case scenario is obviously if you have an ad that is, like, obviously ripping. So, like, if you have a winning ad, um, like you should process learnings on it, you should try to figure out, like, why is it working? You should try to pull hypothesis of like, you know, like what are some, like, certain aspects of this ad, uh, that could be like, you know, making this ad do well. So like, what, what are we saying in the hook? Like, what, what is kind of the bridge, you know, like towards the product? And just try to, try to like, think about why this ad is doing so well, right? And then like, on the other side, you have ads maybe that got spent or maybe the ads that, um, you know, like got some spend. They're like showing, like, perf-- showing signs of performance, um-... and you know, obviously, this is kind of a similar ad that, that we have here. Um, and then obviously as well, we need to figure out like what went wrong and what could you do better, basically. But obviously as well, what are some things that this ad, um, like what are some things within this ad that showed potential? Like, what are, what are some things that we could use for our future ads, right? So like that. Those are some things that we look at. Um, and obviously, I kind of tried to break it down here for you, um, on how we do it. But yeah, that was, that was the first step, right? So now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna play you, um... or actually, I'm not gonna play the second ad. I'm gonna show you, uh, like, what are some things that we did in between, um, finding this kind of like running a script. So what I did is, like I said, we did learnings as a team. I kind of got this summary, and I wanted to basically, basically come up with another ad that will be better than this one, right? And so what I did is, let me pull up Claude. Um, so, um, obviously within, uh, within the course, you have, uh, like the prompts for writing, uh, for, for, for writing video ad scripts. Um, if you don't know which prompts this are, 

so they are basically in this document. You should have, you should have access to it. Um, it's linked under a few videos in the course, but basically, this is a, this is a prompt that like, that's like twenty-seven pages long, and it's made to basically help you write scripts. All right, so I just, I just took this prompt. I went into Claude, and the way the prompt is built is all you have to do is just, like, say, "Run this prompt." Um, [chuckles] it's literally that easy. Paste the prompt, say, "Run this prompt," and then Claude is gonna ask-- And obviously, you should be doing this within, like, a custom Claude project, um, that has context about the brand, that has information about the brand. Uh, you should add, like, Breakthrough Advertising book, Breakthrough Advertising summary, and, like, any resource that you have of copywriting, you should add all of that inside the project's knowledge base. So, like, the project is very, very knowledgeable on the brand, on the customers, and obviously on the marketing, um, techniques for, you know, like writing copy, um, and for just like in general, uh, marketing fundamentals, if that makes sense. Um, because this is also like, like this is referenced in the prompt, and, like, the prompt is specifically made to be used within the custom Claude project. So, like, you can't just, like, start a new chat randomly, uh, because this prompt is not gonna work that well, right? So you need to have information about the brand. Um, 

once you run this prompt, uh, what's gonna happen is Claude is gonna ask you, "What's the core idea behind this video ad concept?" Um, and then what you do is you need to basically say what you wanna do. [chuckles] And this is what I did here. So now I'm just, just gonna walk you through, like, um, like the thought process and some things that I identified and some, some things that I, that I wanted to do, um, based on the learnings that we had for the original video ad. Um, so I just said, "We made an ad that had pretty decent initial performance but then died out after a week. It was a video ad targeting postpartum women. It was executed as a video ad with voiceover." Then I just said, "This is a transcript." I pasted in the script, the transcript, um, and I just said, "These are the learnings that we had for this ad." I basically, uh, pasted the entire kind of learning section. I pa- I, like, copied this, and I pasted it, um, inside of Claude, uh, so it has that context. So now you see how, like, the call transcription is very valuable to have. Um, um, so once we go back here... Um, and then, like, the most important thing is, um, you have to take time, and you really have to think about what you want to do, and you need to basically tell Claude what you want to do. It's, it's literally that simple. So, like, uh, like, do some research and try to, like, put into words, uh, like, what, what is it you want to do? And I'll, I'll kind of walk you through, uh, my thought process. So, uh, basically, "We think this ad got a lot of attention due to mentioning fat-storing hormone, and we positioned that hormone as a villain, and the reason why they're retaining fat, uh, so we make them believe the problem is not them, but this hormone." So, like, I kind of gave it context to, like, why I think, um, this ad got a lot of attention, right? Because this is, like, a new mechanism, like a fat-storing hormone. Um, however, the biggest issue I see with this is we introduced the product too quickly, and the viewers are not really convinced this is what's really happening. So if we go back here, and this is why I like kind of having the script as well next to the ad when I'm doing learnings, uh, because you can, you can see kind of what's happening within the ad. And 

basically, we say, "After birth, women have ten times the normal levels of fat-storing hormone known as prolactin. Uh, cool, we kind of, you know, relate with them. People say it's easy to bounce back, that breastfeeding helps you lose weight, but here's the truth no one tells you. Uh, that's, that's why no matter how many calories you cut or how hard you go at the gym, losing, uh, weight postpartum can feel impossible." So, like, we're just relating with them. We're showing them that we understand them. Um, then we say, "Your body is hormonally wired to hold on to extra puffiness after pregnancy." So, like, this is, like, a new information that we introduced to them, and, like, this is basically, um... We want to in-- We want to basically ingrain this belief in their mind, and we want, we want them to believe that this is what's happening. But the problem is, is that we didn't really do a great job of doing this. Like, this is not really persuasive. Like, we have one line here talking about this, but, like, I feel like this is just, like, not strong enough and this is not persuasive enough, uh, for these women to believe that, you know, this is actually a problem. And, um, not, not that this is actually a problem, but, like, this is what, what's actually happening. I feel like we could have done a much better job at doing this. And then what we have is, "And, and it's common for this to last for months or even years for some women." So, like, we're kind of digging in the knife, right? So, like, we're, uh, we're, you know, pos- we're trying to make this problem seem even bigger than it is, if that makes sense. Um, and then it has nothing to do with, to do with your willpower. It's all about your hormones.... and then we just say, "This is where that's where Metaglow comes in." And this, for me, is just like a huge disconnect. Like, I feel like the, like, these women here at this point in the script are still not ready to be introduced the product. Like, we still need to explain, like, like, it's all about your hormones. Okay, but like, what about the hormones? Like, [chuckles] you know, like what's happening with the hormones? Like, why is this happening? Like, um, like, is there something I can do about it? Um, like, you know, maybe talk about like, are there other solutions? Like, we, we kind of skipped like a part of the script, I feel like, and we went straight, straight to the, to the product. And, um, this is probably where like a big disconnect happened. Um, and like where a lot of kind of women who probably weren't as educated on this topic, um, dropped off because th- they, they didn't understand what's happening. So I feel like before we introduce the product, we need to have a lot more education going on, and we need to basically, um, we need to do a better job at writing copy, um, that kind of convinces them that, you know, like, the real problem are hormones. Um, which I'm gonna show you how I, how I did. But basically, um, this is what I identified when, when kind of just like looking at the script and, you know, just like, um, trying to put myself in the shoes of a customer, um, I realized that, you know, this is just like we're forcing the product too soon, and like the, the viewer is probably not ready, uh, to be introduced the product yet. So, so obviously, I mentioned this, so like, "However, the biggest issue I see with this is we introduce the product too quickly, and the viewers are not really convinced this is what's really happening." Um, so I just said, "So we need to be much more persuasive when writing about this hormone. We need to make it believable but also super easy to understand. The script should talk in our customer's language, not be too complicated. Before mentioning the product, we should intro- introduce the mechanism." Okay? So this is like one thing that we also noted when we were doing learnings. Um, if you notice, we say, like, "That's where Metaglow comes in. Um, it boosts GLP-one to reignite m- metabolism," and we don't really mention, um, like, how it does that. We don't really mention a unique mechanism. Like in some other ads we did, it obviously does that through, like, an ingredient that's called Diglomera. Um, and but for whatever reason, we just didn't mention Diglomera, and we did- we didn't mention, um, like, that unique mechanism that we have and that we can leverage, um, in this ad. For whatever reason, we just didn't mention it. Um, so what I said here is, um, "And in this case, we believe we should have mentioned Diglomera earlier in the ad." So I, I don't know why I wrote this. Um, like we kind of didn't even mention it. Uh, like, okay, whatever. Um, and we wanna use that as a new mechanism, and Metaglow is the only marine collagen that has Diglomera, so we should definitely leverage that information to build authority. All right? So like, before we, you know, like, get, uh, to like... Before we get to product, we should definitely leverage the, the mechanism of, like, this new ingredient, and we should talk about, you know, like, the scientists discovered, um, you know, like this ingredient, Diglomera, that like boosts, uh, the opposite hormone that kind of, you know, negates this one, and then we kind of make them believe that, you know, there is a solution. There is a solution to this new problem that we, uh, that we just introduced to them, right? Uh, so that was kind of the thinking behind that. And then I just said, uh, "Diglomera basically naturally boosts GLP-one, and that helps, uh, your body burn stored fat easier." So like, even though, like, this Claude project has all of this information inside here, and this, this Claude project, you know, like, should know all of this, I still mention it here because this is a point that I want to mention w- like, within the ad. So like, that's why I'm mentioning it here, because, um, I want Claude to, you know, like, have, have emphasis on this, if that makes sense. Um, and then once I kind of gave it context on like, what are some key learnings that I even identify myself and just, like, summarize the learnings that we have for the ad. Uh, what I said is, "What I want you to do now is use Brave MCP to go to Reddit, do some research around what are these women, um, postpartum moms, saying about their weight loss journey? What problems are they facing? What are they talking about? How are they feeling? Et cetera. So you get a better understanding of the target audience we're making these ads for, right?" So I'm telling Claude, "Hey," um, and, and the reason why I'm telling Claude to go and do, like, even more research on this is- so basically, I truly believe that, like, Claude needs to like, and like, AI needs to get warmed up. So like, before I kind of get Claude to write scripts, I wanted to do research, and I wanted to basically go through some information and to get data on like, on the customer and on the avatar, and like on basically the information that, uh, he's gonna- that Claude is gonna use to write the script, right? So like, that's why I'm making it do research. Um, I always do this because when I do this, I just like tend, uh, to get much better results when writing scripts. So like, you know, I could just, I could just say, you know, like, "Based on all these learnings, write a new script," but then I wouldn't get that good results. Um, so that's why I just like tell Claude to just like, you know, um, go and do additional research, because that's just, that's just gonna help it understand the avatar better, and it's gonna help it understand, like, how are they talking, uh, and like the problems they're, they're talking about, and stuff like that. Um, it's gonna be much, much more, um, effective at writing copy for that specific avatar then. That's why I always do it. Um, and then what I said, "Then, based on that research you did and all the information I just gave you, I want you to write a better script that will have a similar structure to the previous one since it showed potential, but make it much more persuasive. Build narrative in the ad and make women believe that they're struggling with weight loss due to prolactin. Position Diglomera as the solution and the new mechanism that boosts the other hormone, GLP-one, and then mention how Metaglow is the only marine collagen that contains Diglomera, and gradually funnel towards the product." And, uh, by the way, this is actually, so like, this is actually, uh, true. This is actually val- validated. They hold, they hold a trademark for Diglomera, uh, so that's why obviously we're kind of leveraging this information, um, to build authority within the ad. Um-... So that's what I wanted to do. So to just sum it up one more time, the entire idea of this ad will be to build narrative around how hormones are the main source of this problem these women are facing, and our product is the solution. I want you to ex-execute this new script as an organic text, text on screen concept. Um, if, if I didn't write this, um, Claude would just ask like-- So like once I gave it the idea, it would ask me: How do you want me to execute this ad? Um, obviously, if you, if you watch the video on, like, how to, um, write video ad scripts, you will understand how the prompt is built. Uh, but basically, because I said this, it wrote, uh, it wrote a script in like kind of this organic, um, text on screen style, um, script, if that makes sense. But hopefully, this gives you like a better idea of kind of what are some things that, that I did, what are some kind of learnings that I even processed myself while I was writing kind of a prompt for, to write a new script. Um, and basically, now you see how this script could have been much more persuasive. It, it could have been much, much better. Uh, and like these are the things that you identify only when you really go, like, super deep on doing re-- on, on doing, uh, learning, sorry. And when you go super deep on just, like, closing the feedback loop on your ads day to day, right? So like, this is not something that y-- like, we would never catch this. I would never catch this, and I would never come up with a, like, with a winning script if I didn't, like, go super deep on processing learnings on, on this kind of losing ad that we had, right? Like, this, this ad would never come to life, um, if I didn't do this, right? So like now you see how important that is. And I wouldn't be able to just, like, give Claude so much context and so much information if I didn't do that, right? So that's kind of the process that I do always when I'm, when I'm kind of writing scripts, when I'm, uh, when I'm trying to just, like, do iterations or just, like, write scripts from scratch. Um, always, like, I take, like, fifteen, twenty, thirty minutes. Um, I, I do my research, I try to do learnings, and I try to basically build a, um, like a guidelines for, for Claude on what to do. And I try to, like, give it as much information and as much context as possible. As you can see, you know, like I could have just, like, said, um, you know, like I could have just said, "Here's, here's like the previous script. Here's the learnings that we had for it." Bam, you know, like, "Write me a better script," right? And I would probably get shitty results. And now you can see how, like, because I, like, put so much attention and I put, like, so much information and context within this prompt, um, that's what gave me like a pretty decent script, not gonna lie. Um, and that's what's gonna give you best results, right? So like, I believe it's like at this point, uh, like, I'm recording this on, like, 23rd October 2025. Um, [chuckles] I will say, at this point, it is really, really hard, uh, to like one-shot prompt a s- a script for a video ad. Like, I will say, it's very, very important to have a human input, and it's extremely important to just like, um... Like, you need to be the one that's knowledgeable. You need to be the one that's telling Claude what to do, right? And then you, you just use Claude as a tool. A lot of people are trying to use Claude as their, as their fucking creative strategist, but it's not-- that's, that's not how it works. You need to use Claude and AI as a tool. Um, so obviously, this is how I do it, and, you know, this is kind of the, the process and what went into it. Um, and then the, the s-- like, the prompt that I used at the start, obviously, um, is built to give you, um, like six different hooks. So like it gives you six different hook ideas. Then it gives you the whole script, and then, um, it gives you like a strategic breakdown of like how the script is written and like how, um, how the script looks like. And then one thing that I forgot to mention, so like usually what I do is, uh, like in this part where I mention that it should go on Reddit, it should do research to kind of, you know, get familiar with the avatar and, like, how they're talking. And one reason why I do this as well is because then once Claude does the research on this, it kind of picks up their language, and it picks up, like, how, how are they talking about specific things. Um, so it can then use that language and use that, those words, maybe some niche terms that they use, um, when writing script, which is obviously super, super important. Uh, but like what I mentioned here as well is that, um, it should give me a source link, uh, of like Reddit threads that it goes through, so I can, you know, go and, like, do more research myself. Uh, so I kind of forgot to do that, so I just ask it, um: "Can you provide me with source links for the Reddit research you did, um, so I can take a look and do more research myself," right? And then it's gonna give you links to like a bunch of Reddit threads that it went through. And if you open these Reddit threads, you will see that they are actually very, very dull. [chuckles] So like for example, postpartum weight loss success stories, question mark, um, like five hundred five upvotes, two hundred and sixty-seven comments. So literally, what I would do now is I would take like five, ten, fifteen minutes, and I would go through some of these links, and I would just, like, try to get familiar with what's going on, right? So, like, up on this, up, up, up until, up until this point, so like from, from the point when I said, "Run this prompt," uh, to, like, when I, when I get to this, I would say, like, it probably took me maybe like thirty, forty-five minutes, uh, right, to do, to do this properly, to really, um, take my time, to write all this out, to make sure that it makes sense, to make sure that I provide enough context. Um, and then, you know, obviously, once I get the, the response, then I usually kind of go and validate if the research that, uh, that Claude did is good. Uh, and just so, just so I can, you know, like, learn things, so I can, you know, become even knowledgeable, uh, when I'm, when I'm doing all this. Um, and obviously, you'll see that, like, a lo- a lot of these Reddit threads, um, like, contain, like, just, like, a lot of very, very useful, um, information, a lot of, like, experiences that these women kind of deal with. And then what, like... And this is very important to do for the next step. What I then do is I literally, I don't even look at the script here. I just took- I just take the entire script-... um, I go into Milanote or Google Docs or whatever you're using to just, like, build, um, to build briefs and to build scripts for, for your team. I would, I would go here, and I would read this entire thing line by line, and I would go, and I would try to think, "Does this make sense?" Um, like, and, and is the script structured well? Is it written well? And, and I, and I again, try to put myself in the shoes of the customer, and I basically try to think, um, like, for example, like, are we, are we talking about the problem good enough? Like, are we kind of, you know, explaining the problem good enough? Then once we get to, to the part where we're, where, where we're explaining that, you know, like, the real problem is, is this kind of hormone, are we doing that well enough? Then, like, is the bridge from, um, like presenting the new problem to the product, is it, is it good enough? Is it better? And I just try to think, um, like, how would the viewers watching this ad feel like, and are we basically taking them, ta- taking them through, like, an emotional journey well enough, or the, or the script needs to be, um, fixed for, for... within, like, some certain aspects. And then, like, if I, if I, for example, see that, um, I don't know, just, like, random, I see that, you know, we're again kind of introducing the product too early, uh, we kind of didn't explain the, the problem clearly enough, I would just go back to Claude and I would say, "I like this. I think this is a good start, uh, but I think, you know, like, this part of the script can be better because of this, this and that." And I just try to basically use Claude, uh, to, like, make the script better. But, like, the key thing is that I take it outside of Claude, um, I, I put it inside of here, and I try to basically, um, write it myself, and I try to build it myself, um, basically. So, like, that's very, very important. And obviously, um, doing this research on Reddit and doing kind of this step is what's gonna help me do this better, right? Because I'm, I'm gonna g- I'm gonna be in the zone. I'm gonna be, you know, like, like I'll be reading stuff here, maybe I'll get some new ideas that I, that I wanna do when I'm writing the script and whatnot. Um, and it's gonna... it's, it's basically gonna help me, uh, write a better script, right? So, like, that's, that's what I did, um, for the script, and that is... Whoops! Um, that is basically kind of the, the process and, and the, the method that I used, um, to write this new script. So now I'm gonna, um, now I'm gonna play the ad, um, and then I'm obviously gonna kind of compare it to, to the previous one. I'm gonna show you some of the biggest differences. Um, you're probably gonna notice some, some differences yourself. Um, but yeah, that's pretty much it. I'm gonna play the ad now. [upbeat music] Okay. So basically, the kind of first three things that you probably noticed when you, uh, when, when you saw this ad is, number one, it is a text on screen ad, uh, which is obviously, you know, different than a voiceover that we have here, uh, which I'll explain why we did that. Um, the second thing, the ad is much longer. So, like, this is almost two minutes. Um, this one- After birth. - is a minute long, so like double. And then the, the last thing is that we mentioned the product, I think, somewhere around, like, here, I would say. Yeah. Medical, um, is the only supplements, like, like minute and nine, minute and twenty seconds into the ad, that's on- that's when we mention the product. And here, I believe it's like half into the ad. Yeah, as you can see. So, like, we're, we're halfway through the ad, and we're already, um, mentioning the product. So, like, the script is longer because, uh, it obviously takes longer to kind of, you know, explain certain things, and especially when you're trying to do, like, text on screen concept. Um, and we just kind of wanted to, um... I wanted to be more persuasive when doing this, if that makes sense. Um, which was the biggest learnings that, that I had when I was going through the script. Um, so the hook here, uh, says: Here's why gaining weight postpartum is normal. Um, now, I, like, I, I can't take credit for this hook. Uh, this was, this was an idea, um, from our creative strategist, Kat. Um, so I have to give, give props to her for coming up with this hook. Uh, but like, why this hook is genius is because, um, as you probably know through research, and I kind of talked about this, um, like, throughout the video-... is like these women, um, are kind of, you know, gaining weight, um, and they're breastfeeding, and that's, like, the main reason why they're retaining weight, if that makes sense. Because their body, um, as it, as it say here, their body thinks, uh, like they need res- reserves for breastfeeding. That's why it happens. And, and so, like, so we're like: how can we use this information, uh, to, like, make these women, um, feel like they're understood? And, [chuckles] and, like, we just, we just kind of did something that's, like, completely different than what everyone else on the market is doing. Because everyone's saying, like, "Ooh, here's how you can lose, I don't know, twenty pounds in, like, four weeks," or whatever. Um, but like we're saying: Here's why gaining weight postpartum is normal, right? And, and that, that, that's just like a completely different swing than everyone on the market. And like, when women see this, they're like, "Huh, is it normal? Like, is everything fine with me?" And they get emotionally invested in the ad. That's why this hook is so, so good, and it works so well, uh, because we agree with them, and we basically make them question, um... we make them question things, and they get very, very curious, right? And they get emotionally invested in the ad. And once we have their emotions, once they're emotionally invested in the ad, um, we can guide their logic wherever we want to. And obviously, we want to guide their logic to buying our product. [chuckles] So, like, that's, that's obviously what we wanna do. So, like, I was kind of trying, uh, trying different hooks around, obviously, uh, like the mechanism of, like, fat-storing hormones. So like, um, I, I honestly can't remember, like, what the other hooks were. Uh, but like, um, I was trying some like, you know, introducing a new mechanism, getting them curious that way, and then follow-- and then kind of starting the story. Uh, but, like, this one, um, that we did just, like, performed the best out of, out of all, all, all the other hooks that we tested, and it makes sense why. Um, and then the rest of the script, I'm just gonna walk you through the script quickly. Um, so the, "That baby weight has nothing to do with willpower." So, like, we're, we're agreeing with them, and we're basically showing them that we understand them right away, like in the second line of the ad, whereas here it kind of, it kind of took us a bit longer to get there, right? Um, here, it's a fat-storing hormone called prolactin. So, like, right away, we're introducing a new mechanism. We're introducing a new problem, right? So, like, we're kind of trying to educate them, um, on, like, what is prolactin. That is what we're doing here. So, like, we introduce, like, prolactin, and then we say, "After birth, prolactin spikes to ten times normal levels." Like, we kind of say, like, this is what happens after birth. That's why it's normal. Um, "And high prolactin makes your body hoard fat. It thinks you need reserves for breastfeeding." So, like, you can see how all of this just makes sense. Like, all of this from like, uh, like a postpartum mom experience, all of this just makes sense, and they're, they're fucking dull watching the ad, right? So, like, we're taking them through this emotional journey, and it just makes sense. Like, the script is, is very, very well written, right? So, like, "At the same time, new mom stress keeps cortisol high." So, like, again, we're kind of still agreeing with them. We're showing them that we understand them. So, like, this is probably like... new mom stress is probably something that Claude picked up when doing research on Reddit. That's why it kind of do that step. And then here, "Prolactin plus cortisol equals me- me- metabolism hijacked. Um, no matter how, no matter how little you eat or how hard you exercise, your hormo- your hormones are working against you." So, like, here, we're kind of, again, pos- like, making the problem even bigger than it is. We're, you know, like, digging in the knife. Um, and then, "This can last months, even years, for some women." Um, but then we obviously start talking about the solution. We introduce, like, a completely new mechanism: "But here's what changes everything. Scientists discovered boosting a specific hormone, GLP-1, can help your body burn stored fat." Right? So, like, here, we have a- we first have, like, a villain hormone that is, you know, like, the problem, and now we present that you can boost, like, a specific hormone that can help your body burn stored fat, right? Which is GLP-1. Think of it... And then we, and then we explain it. Like, like, the reason why I love writing scripts with, with Claude is, honestly, like, sometimes it comes up with, like, these, these crazy, uh, like, crazy explanations and, like, crazy kind of things on how to visualize things and how to explain this, um, in very simple terms, and honestly, does it better than, you know, like, I would came up with, honestly. So, like, I really like this addition, uh, of like, "Think of it like this: Prolactin is screaming, 'Eat everything!' GLP-1 helps you say no to cravings." Right? So, like, this is super relatable, and this basically explains why, like, the things that, that are happening with their body are happening, right? This gives them an explanation, right? "So your body can finally let go of the extra weight." Um, I think, I think, like, this kind of break line should be here, right? Or I'm not sure. But anyways, um, "The problem is, most supplements don't actually boost GLP-1, but researchers found one ingredient that does. Diagomera increased GLP-1 by fifty-six percent in clinical studies, and MetaGlo is the only collagen supplement that contains diagomera." So, like, this is a sick bridge to introduce the product. So, like, you see how, like, we're building a narrative to, to introduce the product, right? So, like, this is much, much smoother product introduction than what we had in this ad. It was abrupt, and it, and it, and it didn't make, um, it didn't make much sense whatsoever. And here, we kind of present diagomera, and then we say, "Oh, and, and, and by the way, MetaGlo is the only collagen supplement that contains diagomera," right? So, like, it makes- like, [chuckles] it just, like, makes sense for them to get the product now because they understand the problem. They, they understand that, you know, like, why they're gaining weight and retaining weight is, uh, because of their hormones. Uh, we present the solution that, you know, they could actually boost a different hormone that can, you know, negate this one all. Um, and you know, like, the only- and, like, you can do this naturally, and the only, uh, like, the only product that can help you with that, uh, is MetaGlo, right? So, like, you know, just, just buy MetaGlo, right? "And this is not an ordinary collagen." And then we kind of, you know, talk about, like, some other product benefits, um, of like how, like, um...... how Metaglow works. Uh, obviously we have some social proof. And then what I like here is, "Your hormones cr- your hormones created this problem. Metaglow is the hormonal solution." I really like this line. And then, "Try it sixty days risk-free, because real results take time, and we know that." Um, so like, super strong CTA, and it's just like this, m- like now you hopefully see, um, like I won't kind of talk about the differences, but like now you hopefully see how this script is much, much more persuasive, um, than this one, right? And, and it just makes sense now why this ad, um, is doing so much better than this original one, right? Um, and now here I have some learnings, um, like th- that we did on this ad. So, like the winning hook here is, "Here's why gaining weight postpartum is normal." Um, what's really interesting is that this concept is just text on screen with music, no voice, voiceover at all. Um, we made it way slower than our usual ads too, which gives people time to actually process what they're reading. [lips smack] And the reason why we think this is working so well, and the reason why we decided to make this ad, um, in like, as, as a text on screen in the first place, is because we've o- obviously noticed a pattern within like, um, multiple different brands, that text on screen ads are just like doing super well right now for us. Um, and you know, we, we, we had some other ads for this brand as well that were text on screen, that had like good soft metrics, so like good hook rates, good hold, hold rates. Uh, like, I don't know, f- like fifteen percent hold rates or something like that. And that just like showed us that, okay, like this audience, for whatever reason, they like to, um... they just like to digest, um, and watch text on screen ads. So like, it made sense to make this one text on screen as well. That's why I decided to write the script as a text on screen concept. [lips smack] Um, and the, the biggest reason, like, why I think, uh, like these text on screen ads work is, um, I actually wrote a tweet about it, but the biggest reason why I think that's, that's happening is, um, I, I kind of won't, won't go into details. If you want, you can kind of read, um, you can read through this post. But basically it's because when people are watching text on screen ads, like may- maybe you did the same thing when you were watching, like this ad that I, that I played. Um, when you're reading the script, when you're reading the text, uh, like on screen, you're kind of reading it with your inner voice, right? And then when they're watching ads, they are not just watching, they're, they're, they're not just listening to someone selling products, they're literally selling the product to themselves. [chuckles] So like, this is kind of the biggest learning that I have for this, and like the, the biggest reason why I think these ads do so well, like text on screen ads, because people are literally, um, almost participating in the ad. Because they're, um, like they're reading the ad for themselves with their inner voice, and they're probably just like processing the ad, uh, much, much better than if you just like, have someone, like agency creator or something, um, or like an AI voiceover selling them the product, right? This way, they're selling the product to themselves. Um, so like that's just like one, one, one crazy, crazy bit of sauce here for like text on screen ads, and like, they literally do work for like multiple brands, um, for us right now. And obviously, now we see kind of how we're executing them. Um, and by the way, this ad here was executed, uh, with, um, an AI voiceover. Um, 

but the second biggest thing, um, is that we're taking the complete opposite approach from everyone else in the market. So instead of promising quick postpartum weight loss, as you know, like everyone is doing, uh, we're basically saying: "Hey, you know what? Gaining weight postpartum is totally normal. Here's why it's happening." So like, we're educating them, bas-- we're, we're basically like, when they're watching our video, they are also getting value. That's why, like, you know, the, this video probably has, um, very good hold, hold rates and like very good soft metrics, right? And then we're like, the main kind of concept and the main purpose and like the main, um... yeah, just like the main reasoning behind this ad and be- behind this script, is that we position prolactin as a villain hormone that stores fat, and then we bring in the GLP-1 boosting as the solution, right? So like we have- we basically give them an explanation of why their problem is happening. We educate them, right? Um, and the most important thing is that we're doing it in a simple way. Like this, like everyone can understand this, right? Uh, one thing that I can like... one tip that I can give you is, like, for every script that, that you're writing, um, go to, go to Hemingway, go to Hemingway app, and 

try- and just like paste in your script, and your, like readability, your grade, should be, like, at least, like grade six or below. Like, we usually aim for even lower than that, but like, if your readability is like, I don't know, grade eleven, twelve, whatever, and you get like a lot of red things highlighted here, your script is probably too complicated and people will not be able to understand it, right? So like, you need to make sure that your script is like s- like super easy to understand, um, and that it's written in a, in a language that your target audience would understand. That's why it's super important to tell Claude to do, to do research and to, you know, do your re- do research yourself, so that you can effectively write, um, write copy for, for the audience that you're making the ad for. Like super, super important. Um, so like that's that, and then, yeah, but we're not over-promising. We, we even mentioned that real results take time in the CTA. The whole flow goes from meeting them where they are emotionally, frustrated, but it's not their fault, and then, then we educate them on the hormonal changes, then gradually introduce the product as a gentle solution. So like, this is the anti, um, hype approach. Um, and the big learning here is that radical honesty and meeting women where they actually are, is beating out all the high-energy, promise-heavy stuff that we usually see, um, in this market. So like, this is like a specific kind of angle or approach that did well for us. Doesn't mean that it's gonna, that it's gonna do great for, like every single product and every single market. I would say, like, the biggest reason why it's, like, doing well for, for this product and for this avatar in particular, is because, like moms in general and like postpartum moms, um, are very kind of, I would say, sensitive, and they don't really like, like negativity. They don't really like negative marketing. So like, if you're saying to them, um, you know, like, "You're fat because of this, this, and that," like they're just gonna get offended, right? They, they, they, they will not watch the ad, they will not watch the video because they don't want to listen to that, right? So like, you need to find a way to, to make ads that, um, are relatable to them and that they like to watch and that they enjoy watching. Um, and so this is exactly what we did with this, um, with this ad right here. So this was it. Um, I did not intend for this to be like fifty minutes long, so, [chuckles] so I do apologize, but I hope you, uh, I hope you find value from this, and I hope you, um, obviously, I hope this helps you write, like winning ads and winning scripts yourself. Um, I tried to give as much value and sauce as possible, and obviously, if you have any questions around, like scriptwriting or just like in general, writing ads and, and whatever, uh, you can always, you know, reach out to me, um, in Discord. Um, and yeah, that is pretty much it. Thank you for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.