... Yo, what's going on, guys? So, uh, first things first here, I want to walk through, um, a- and kinda give you guys a visual example of exactly how we're implementing our new strategy of congruent ads, and how we've actually been processing learnings on things by being able to take bigger swings and then progress on those to ultimately find winning ads that can allow us to scale to over ten thousand dollars per day in spend, at, at around two point four, and honestly, we've been seeing better performance. And I'm not gonna lie to you, like this-- what I'm about to walk you guys through is something that you need to understand, has to be kept here, but more importantly, is hopefully going to help you guys understand our thought process behind things and also help you go through and follow this process for your own ads so you can understand how to actually do this for your brand. Okay? So the first thing that I want to start off with is that we came up with a concept called superlative statics, okay? Which basically just means, like, we're making claims, okay, and I've talked about this before. But anyway, the long story short is, is that we had a few different ideas for this angle specifically because this product is, is pretty incredible, it has some pretty bold claims, but again, you guys, if you're not product innovators, you can be avatar innovators, okay? And so this is where, for example, if you wanted to do an avatar test, you could apply this in the same way, right? So the point is, is here's an example of the first batch of statics that we made. What you'll notice here is that the images, just like in the video, if you've, if you've already watched that, the images and the actual visuals or the videos themselves, or the images and the text actually are aligned. Okay, so we have the world's cleanest humidifier here. We then have the first doctor-designed humidifier, and you can see we did two variations of that. And then we have the, uh, the world's easiest to clean humidifier. We then have the world's most hygienic humidifier, and then here we have another visual that's the world's first stainless steel humidifier. Okay? Basically, what we were going for here is two ads around the clean angle. We had two ads here around the doctor angle, and then one around the stainless steel. And we're like, "Let's just throw this in here," right? And now this is where you guys have to understand that it might take you multiple batches of ads to actually find a winning ad, not just from what we did, 'cause we did three batches here, which I'm gonna walk you through, but two, you, you might honestly have only done just this doctor, and maybe you did one more variation of this, and that was it, right? Or here, you did one batch just focused on clean, and that was it. But because this is a little bit of a bigger angle, and this is not me telling you to go and create, you know, six ads like we did here, we just happened to have, as a team, six ideas, okay? And this is where, like, following the three, two, two method is important, but also understand that if you have a fourth idea, or in this case, we had kind of three extra ideas, this ended up basically being two different DCTs, where we grouped the clean ones together because that, from our research, was an angle that did well. And then we grouped this doctor-designed and this, uh, stainless steel angle together. And the long and short of it is, is like we were taking a bit of a bigger swing on this superlative statics angle or concept that we had. Now, what was interesting is that we saw, if I go into the ad account, that this ended up becoming one of our actual top spenders inside of the ad account, okay? But more importantly, what was interesting about this is that it was the one that we didn't even think would get any spend, okay? And so you can see here, this was the stainless steel one that actually got the most amount of spend. And what was interesting is this was the one that we literally, like, didn't even think was gonna work. We're like... Now, this is where most people would be like, "All right, well, whatever, like, stainless steel is dumb. Let me go and focus on these other things." But at the end of the day, we understand the data. It's like, okay, well, the spend is going towards this concept specifically. I'm trying not to show too much inside of here, but as you can see, it was getting about a one point nine X return on ad spend, okay? And so those of you that might just can this idea and be like, "Oh, it's not profitable," whatever, that's where you can make the mistake of not going deeper. Because we looked at this ad and we said: Could we make this ad better? And the answer was yes. And so that's what we did in our next batch of statics, okay? So now in this next batch of statics, rather than showing these claims that don't really do anything, what we decided to do is we decided to turn this into like something that is more like driven, like, okay, why does stainless steel matter? Well, stainless steel matters because your family deserves better than moldy mist. And stainless steel matters because you hate constant cleaning. And you notice here that we actually divvied up the parts as well to show that it's like a very, very simple, uh, easy to put together in, in few part model, right? So I said, "Hate," so this one says, "Hate constant cleaning? You'll love this." And the third one on here just says, "Ninety-nine point nine nine percent sterilizable for healthier hydration." Okay? So three different images here, as well as three different headlines. Again, we're just testing multiple variants here, and this is where some people are like, "Well..." We don't care, okay? We're just testing multiple things and taking bigger swings based on what we feel is going to be the most congruent. And sure enough, we then launched that one thirty-seven, and look at this. Now we have another top spender. This is over a two-day period. This over here I think was around a four-day period. And so just to give you context, like in the ad account, we were spending about... This is actually just this concept. We're spending about... I mean, and they've had stock issues and enough. Spending about five K per day here, okay? Then we launched this ad, and you can see by basically the sixth or seventh, we were spending now about six K, and you can see that this was a new top spender, and it was absolutely crushing. So just that one iteration helped us absolutely crush it. Now, the third final iteration, and what you'll probably see, is that it was actually already live. We had just launched at the same time because as we saw that this was working well, we didn't just go and make an iteration and stop there. We went and did more research. And what did we do? Well, we used a tool like Reddit, and we looked up stainless steel humidifier.... Okay? Very simple to do, right? And this is what a lot of you guys don't understand about, like, the research process never stops. Because a lot of you would just see this and be like, "Oh, this image works, let me just go and do that." Like, you have to go and dig deeper of why this is actually working, okay? And so then we did the humidifiers that are easy to clean, and what we noticed is that a lot of people just didn't even realize... And this is not the exact thread that, um... Let me see if I can find the exact thread. Hold on. All right, so I actually did find the, um, thread, and what I realized is that a lot of people just didn't realize that there actually is something other than plastic. Because, as you can see here, "Heating and plastic will release microplastics and smell terrible. This is the reason I hate drinking tea from water boiled in plastic kettles," blah, blah, blah. "There's no high-end, full metal steam humidifier on the market." This was posted a year ago, right? And these people are literally talking about how it's like there's no stainless steel on the market. Now, this is not a mega thread or anything like that, but this is, you know, r/AirQuality, whoever the heck is on this, fifteen K members, there you go. And they're-- they just, they just don't even realize that there's actually, like, stainless steel humidifiers on the market. Most people don't even consider getting a humidifier because of the harmful plastics. And so we're like, "Okay, well, that is very interesting information. Let's go ahead and make an actual video." And so that's exactly what we did. Now, I'm gonna show you guys the hooks from each one, and maybe you can play a little game of, like, you guess it specifically. All right, so here we go. POV: You just decided-- You just discovered stainless steel humidifiers exist. Here we go. 

If you have a humidifier at home, let me show you something that actually blew my mind. You know- 

So that was unboxing- 

Let me show- 

- obviously, the product. Now, if we go to the next hook here, let's play this one. 

If you have a humidifier at home, let me show you something that actually blew my mind. You know, when you're- 

There's the second hook, and here's the third hook. 

If you have a humidifier at home, let me show you something that actually blew my mind. You know, when you- 

So if you were to guess which one was the winner, what would you guess? You can go back if you want. Three, two, one. Okay, I'm spoiling it. Uh, the winner is this one here [chuckles] okay? And so this is the actual winner that ended up working, and I wanna show you guys something else because it's important to call out. So this ad specifically is actually a video, but this has been one of our top-performing ads from a UGC creator that we got for probab-- almost close to a year, okay? And this is a parenting must-have, easy-to-clean humidifier. And what you'll notice is that's very, very similar, similar to what we have here. And so not only does our creative team that is working on the ads understand what we're focusing on here, but we also understand some of the other smaller things that might be making other videos work. And so, for example, we noticed that this specifically had been working, so we decided to implement it onto this video. And I'm gonna go ahead and play this ad so you guys can watch it, but I want you guys to just, 

just watch it, and then I'll explain it after. 

If you have a humidifier at home, let me show you something that actually blew my mind. You know, when your humidifier starts getting all gross, and you can't really clean it properly? Well, someone finally made one out of stainless steel, like actual stainless steel. At first, I was like: "Okay, but why, though?" Then I realized you can literally sterilize the whole thing, like fully clean it. See how it just comes apart? No weird corners or spots you can't reach. The craziest part is, this was invented by a doctor who got tired of throwing away moldy humidifiers. And look, this is after using it for a month, still completely clean. No more filters to buy either. And this is perfect for my baby girl's nursery. I honestly wish someone told me about this sooner. 

So that's where I want you guys to understand, like, this feels like a very natural and organic video. Now, obviously, there are some ad elements to it, but that voice-over is completely AI. I'm hoping you guys can hear it, otherwise, that would really suck. It was just awkward silence, and you probably heard me breathing. But anyways, that was completely AI-generated, that entire voice-over. And what I want you guys to follow is, like, this continues to, like, hook you in and makes you want to keep watching, right? You know, and this person just, like, sounds kind of skeptical, right? It's like, "You know that pro..." And they just sound relatable. "You know that problem when, like, you're trying to clean humidifiers, it just doesn't work?" 

One out of steel. 

And well, someone decided to make one out of stainless steel. It's like, what brand or what person would actually say like: "Well, someone decided to make one with stainless steel?" Like, they didn't say like: "We have the best thing!" Like, "This humidifier is the best because it's made from stainless steel." Like, the way that this is framed is just so chill, right? Someone decided to make one out of stainless steel, right? Like, actual stainless steel. And what's funny about this is that we're making this girl kind of sound like a little bit like ditzy in a way, like, you know, "Like, actual stainless steel." It's like, well, yeah, you said it was stainless steel, but it's just, it's more relatable, okay? And she says, like: "At first, I was like, 'Okay, but why, though?' And then I realized you can sterilize the whole thing." Now, did we fully dive into this thread here about, like... Did you guys know, like, another iteration that we're actually discussing tomorrow is, like, another video where it's like, did you guys know that there's also humidifier-- like, there's humidifiers that aren't plastic? Like, this person decided to make one with stainless steel, and I decided to try it. You know, it's a, it's a little bit expensive, but oh my gosh, like, I literally never have to worry about cleaning it. Like it's, it's, you know... And so we're working on more variations of this that are more aligned. And so that's the thing. Even though this is a winning ad, we still have ideas on to make it better, and that's for a lot of you who continuously ask me, like: "How many iterations should I make on a video?" Or, "How many variations should I make?" It's like, if you still have ideas of how to make the video better... And again, keep in mind, you have to-- if what you think-... is making the video better. If you go and test it, and it does not make it better, you need to reset your lens and be like: "Okay, well, what I just thought about this video making it better, clearly did not make it better, so where did I go wrong?" And you need to check yourself on that. But the point is, is, like, we still now think that we can make this video even better. And so that was the process that we went through. As you can see, one thirty-eight was down here, for everybody who's like: "Well, how long does it take for DCTs to go off?" Well, the first day, I think it was launched on, on the sixth or something like that. So I think on the-- or it looks like it was the seventh, was the first day it got spent. So the first day it got... Let's just go ahead and filter by selection so you guys can keep an eye on it. But first day, it got sixty-four dollars in spend. On the eighth, it got a hundred dollars in spend, and this is no minimum budget for you guys, right? It got three purchases, and then on the ninth, boom! Five thousand dollars in spend. Okay? And to show you guys where we're at now, you can see on the ninth, specifically, again, two point four overall return on ad spend, but we spent almost ten K on the ninth, on that Sunday. And if you take a look at just yesterday, now we have another five point seven K day, two point nine K or almost three K spent on this. A little bit slow on performance, but now we're at ten point two K total, and today we're probably about to spend, like, ten point seven or ten point eight or something like that, okay? And so the point is, is, like, that is how you guys can go about creating iterations and creating variations and actually looking at your ads and not just being like, "Oh, this image works, let me use this image with another headline." Actually understand and be curious of why it works. "Okay, well, stainless steel, but [mimicking typing] how can I learn more about that?" Right? And that was me typing. But the point of it is, is, like, you guys need to go and research when things start to get spent like that. Because as you saw, we took an ad that got spent, right? Right back here and, and didn't really do too well to an ad. And to be honest, like, it did okay. Like, it wasn't like tanking the account, but, like, it did get spent. We learned from it. We created a variation that then ended up doing better, right? So this one here ended up doing better, and then the final variation was the one that absolutely took off. Okay, and this is all completely done by us. This is not a UGC video. This is our team piecing UGC videos together and doing AI voiceovers. But I wanted to share this with you guys because I think this should hopefully cover a lot of questions around, like, h-how our new processes of taking bigger swings initially, and then how we learned from this test to then iterate further and take, you know, more medium swings. Like, not, nothing crazy here, but again, we're still not just testing three different headlines. We kept the, we kept the headline all the way across because what we thought would make it better was this part down here in the imagery. So that's all we changed, right? And then from there, then we got into the video, and you'll notice we didn't just use the same, like, the world's first stainless steel humidifier. We decided to actually make something feel more organic. Now, we're also working on another variation that has a video that says, "The world's first stainless steel humidifier," to see how that does specifically, okay? But I want you guys to understand that this is, like, a creative process in action, and through each one of these steps, we're not just being like, "Oh, this image works." We're actually understanding, like, "Okay, stainless steel is a real thing that people are interested in. Let's go and read more about it." Taking that information and then moving quickly to create these iterations and these variations as well, okay? So hopefully this is helpful for you guys of how we took an account from, I don't know what it was spending, it was spending, like, four, four point... five K a day. We've doubled the ad spend over the last basically two weeks, and so that is our-- that is the process that we went through. If you guys have any more questions on this, please let me know. I'm probably gonna pop this inside the school module as well, 'cause I know you guys have been asking for more, more of this stuff. Uh, but hopefully this is helpful to you guys, and hopefully this helps you guys make more winning ads.