Alright, so how are we able to scale to such big numbers? So here's an example sheet of what we do. So doing big periods like Black Friday, because we run e-commerce brands, we run mini-true Facebook ads, we want to be scaling our ad span, right? And what this sheet is, is instead of just scaling, you know, like every day, doing such a big period like Black Friday where majority of sale comes from, we need to make sure that we make, you know, just really take advantage of this sale, Let me get the most out of it. So in this case, we want to be scaling multiple times per day instead of just like You know on a daily basis since we know this period Convergence are going to be much higher people have much higher buying intent. So what this is is It's a systematic way to do what we call sir scaling and some of you guys already do that or my effort of it There's a Strategic way to go about it that is much more data driven some people do it based off, you know feeling You look at the accounts. We need to make sure that you have everything planned out Same thing for what we do when I create this as well Although it's also the same thing giving it all planned out and you have an actual team Mix everything much much more efficient and everyone makes the right decisions. So over here so Your team might be in different time zones So first of all you need to put your ad account time zone inside here So let's say this account is in CST, right? And you are based in PST time zone, for example, or different cases, like for example, like most of my clients are in the US, I'm based in Malaysia, you know? So let's say if you're the only one scaling, put it, make sure that you do scale based on the ad account time zone. Why you want to scale on ad account time zone is because let's say if you scale based on, okay, although your ad account is in Singapore time zone your account is in US if you scale budget right before midnight for your ad account time zone it's going to blow the budget still although optimally it's what's gonna perform well in the US because your ad account follows the ad account time zone to adjust the budgets which is why so over here ad account time zone is one thing put your own local time zone and whatever is midnight time of your ad account is what we have here in I know this like pinkish color so we decide how often to surf scale whether that is two or four hours depending on how much you're currently spending right so I did write a post about it just to show you guys so how do you decide when to surf scale. So when to surf scale is up to how much you're currently spending. If you're only spending like a few hundred dollars a day, you know, surf scaling every six hours is fine. And why you can't do it too often as well is because it needs time to optimize right. Imagine if you had like a thousand purchases per hour, it's really really easy to optimize. But if you're only doing like one an hour, even you've touched it multiple times a day, the algorithm is not able to optimize it for you, which is why it's dependent on how much you are currently spending. So let's say you're spending you know, few hundred dollars a day, I would just do it every six hours. If you're spending few thousand dollars a day, four hours is good, you know you're spending like 500K per month, you know 20K per day already, you can experiment four hours as well, you can spend way more, you know let's say you're spending a million a month, you can potentially do every two hours. Every one hour is tickable as well. I mean, if you're spending close to 100K, it definitely can do one hour. That's what the periods are. Let's say for, in this case, I want to do every two hours. Because I'm spending 40K at the right now. We decide, OK, two hours is pretty good. So let's say the ad account is in CST. And CST is two hours ahead of PST. Let's say I'm in PST. account which means 10 am PST right is 10 p.m. PST is midnight for my ad account so 10 p.m. my time I need to make sure that I reset the budgets if not everything gets blown away okay then two hours after that after 10 p.m. for me to PM two hours after ad account with this 2am CST and 12am my time zone PST. I will check. What is the performance for this specific period? Two hours. Okay, we want to check performance for every two hours. That's what the decision we're making on. Instead of every day, it's every period. Can I see these two hours? I put in some metrics. I Shopify revenue and during these two hours, my Shopify revenue, a method revenue spend other channel at spend okay my returns are this my blended returns are this not good i won't scale potentially i will even scale down depends on the context for this case it's not spending a lot anyways why because it's like midnight no no one's away and it's not spending a whole lot so i will decide maybe to be just remain the budget or reduce it next period comes 2am okay what's the performance for up till 2am okay I put in the total revenue okay so I'm seeing and then this sheet will auto calculate for me okay what is the performance this period forex meta revenue pretty good potentially I can scale up I double check my blended my blended still not looking good and if you guys don't know what blended is blended is basically your Shopify revenue to ad spend. So this is the most accurate one. Your Facebook ads or Google ads will have your own in-platform attribution. Not always the most accurate blended is the most important thing. That's basically like what you will determine your P&L roughly based on. So next period not good as well. This period not bad. Okay 6 a.m. Potentially I'll scale up 8am comes okay. Meta returns not very good. Potentially I'll steal down. Next period comes okay really good. 5x I aim for 2x. You can see that I'm doing small increases like 20%. I can be more aggressive. Let's say I'm on double budget okay. Double budgets here looking really good. Next period 5x again double, 3.5x double, 3.2x double. In this case you would have spent a lot lot more than what your originality started with and you protected your returns because periods where there were slow sales, you didn't increase or you reduced the budget. This way you make the most out of black fryer, performance is good, you steal much much harder. If it's not, you protect the profits. And of day the profits are the most important thing. So we play it by here. So some people like to suscribe this on feeling, you know, based on historical data, they put that all out, right? We check everything to make sure we make the most out of it. Follow the data. So after that, we will reset the budget the next day. What they mean by resetting the budget? Okay, let's say when you serve scale, I started off the day at 10K per day budget, but then I set it to 100K per day after all these doubling, right? Okay, but it won't spend the full 100K. It will spend maybe like 50K because when you change it midday, it won't get the channel to spend the full budget. So in this case, what I would do is I need to reset my budget. What I mean reset my budget, I'm just mean reduce it. set at 100k if I don't be set it by midnight what happens the next day it's gonna spend 100k despite if I don't lower it the next day it's still gonna spend 100k because that's what it started at which could potentially mean you blew your whole ad account not ideal so reduce the budget so what we do usually is we take whatever we actually spend that day let's say you actually spend 24k we will reduce that in half it depends on the context in general that's the rule spend 24k We halve it, if our performance is good, okay 12k, that's the starting budget for the next day. Then we will scale it back up. Of course, there's certain, if it's a really really deep well at 24k, potentially I can leave the budget as is, just do it really well, then the next day I scale, let's scale it up again. That's what we usually do, this is how we make the most out of sales periods and protect our returns. And that's how, you know, we are scaling this Black Friday and how our students are scaling up to 100 K per day.