How To Set Up A Promo Campaign
We only run this type of campaigns during sale periods. Mother's Day, BFCM, etc.
1 CBO campaign
3 Ad sets total
1 Broad ad set
1 WARM60 ad set - FB Engagers, IG Engagers, 95% Video Viewers over the last 60 days
1 HOT90 ad set - Website visitors, view content, add to cart, initiate checkout over last 90 days
For the ads just put sale banners over existing best ads, and introduce some simple product image ads that mention the sale.
Keep it simple.
We usually don't do retargeting but the only time we do is during a sale. Having 3 ad sets like this in a CBO means FB will spend on wherever it thinks will do the best.


(Advanced) Surf Scaling Method


*We mainly surf scale during promo periods only but sometimes we do so for evergreen campaigns as well. I ONLY recommend surf scaling evergreen if you're already spending few thousand a day on that 1 campaign.
All right guys, so here's a super quick overview of how the BFCN command center works and how to basically keep track of your surf scaling and know when to surf, etc. So this sheet looks really confusing, but I promise it's super simple. The only thing that you're probably going to get confused on is for example, the date over here, PSD time zone is my local time zone. So these dates here should be in these times should be your local time zone. Okay, if for whatever reason, your ad account is in a different time zone, then you obviously need to keep track of that. So for this example specifically, this ad account is in central time, which is two hours ahead. So 10pm, my time PST, right, is going to be midnight in the ad account. Now, if your ad account and your local time zone are the exact same, then you don't have to worry about it. In this sheet over here, which is the four hour surf sailing sheet, what I've done for you is I basically just made this as 12 PM. Okay. So this is when your ad account is in the same time zone as your local. So if 12 PM is 12 PM, well, then I would just go and log that. Okay. So if you're getting confused, just know there's one that is local time zone, but obviously some of you may be traveling, maybe you're in different time zone, maybe you have a rented or bought out account. I don't know what it is, right? But the end of the day, you need to make sure that you keep track of your ad account time zone, because if you're scaling based off midnight local time, but midnight in your ad account time zone is different, You're going to get wrecked. Okay. And so long story short here, what we need to understand is the time zones first from there, you need to understand your KPIs. If you've not gone through and calculated your margin with your sale, make sure you understand your KPIs. These are rough scaling frameworks saying like, Hey, if you're above KPI, you can scale 20%. If you're way above KPI, you can scale 50 to 100. I've left an example down here for you guys to see how we were scaling during BFCM last year. And so basically this is how the sheet will work. Okay. So every two hours, we are essentially going into the ad account and we are logging the actual spend that we have spent in the ad account as well as the revenue that we have inside of Shopify and Meta. So for example, everything over here is what we have logged. Everything over here is basically going to give us what our performance was during that period. So for the 12am period, so basically from, or let's just go to the four hour surf scaling sheet so it makes more sense for you guys. So basically from midnight, the previous day to four am, so like the start of the day to 4am we had spent $1600 on Facebook ads. We'd spent $320 on other which is like Google, TikTok, whatever. We had $3300 in meta revenue and we had $3396 in Shopify revenue. And that's just again reported from the ad account. So you would go into your ad account and you would update the spend here. From there what this is going to tell us because obviously this is the first period is the exact same numbers. It's saying like, okay, well there's There's your meta revenue, there's your Shopify revenue, there's your total ad spend. So this is one thing that we can see is now total ad spend. And then this is your ROAS and meta, and this is your blended ROAS inside of the Shopify store to total ad spend. And so now, basically four hours later, because this is a four hour surfscaling sheet, we can see that now in the ad account, we had spent $9,366, we are sorry, we had generated $9,366 in revenue on Shopify. generated $5,600 on Meta spent $4,000 and spent $835 total now over, you know, basically on on Facebook, other and all your revenue sources. Okay. And so what this section over here will do is it will basically subtract the current number that you just put in from the previous number so that you understand during that four hour period how much you spent. So from the period of 4 a.m. to 8 a.m. we got rekt. Okay, so we had really only gone up in sales by $5,900, right? So we added $5,900 up in total revenue, but you can see we had spent $3,800 to do that. So our blended ROAS during that period was a 1.56. And if we take a look at Meta, we had spent 2,600 on Meta and returned 2,300 back reported. So we were actually below a 1x. And so in this instance, what we may do is actually scale down because of how bad performance is. That said, if we go ahead and take a look from the period now from 8am to 12pm, just know you're typically always going to eat shit during like the middle of the night, from 8am to 12pm though, you can see now we jumped up pretty significantly, right? We went from $9,000 in revenue to $48,000 in revenue. We went from $4,000 in total spend to $8,000 in total spend. Meta revenue went from a report of 5,600 to 2,200. And now what we can see is during that period, this is how much we actually generated specifically. So in meta revenue specifically, we had generated 16,000. In Shopify revenue during this four hour period, we had generated 38,000. And ad spend wise, we had spent 6,800. Again, you can see meta and other. And so basically what this is doing is it's giving your period total. So during this four hour period from 8am to 12pm, these were our stats, right? And then we can see over here during 12 to 4, these were our stats here as well. Okay. And then during from 4 to 8, these were our stats here. And then at the end of the day, this is essentially giving you the end of day totals from this period here because obviously if you add all of this up, it's going to not equal this because we have to remember there's another four hour period that happens here. So essentially when you log this, again, you're logging your totals here and you don't touch this, you touch it here. So for example, if I log 106, well, that is the total for the day. And now the new day starts. Okay. So if you guys get the infusion, happy to jump on a call around this as well, but just understand inside of here, that's how the sheet works. So you can see if we actually get into, I think this was, um, the Thursday, you could see how we were monitoring things. You could see our performance. You can see where we were spending a lot more. So meta spend wise, we spent, you know, the most basically during the, uh, eight AM or the six AM to eight AM period. And then down here as well, you can see we spent a pretty significant amount from 12 to two. Um, but essentially all you're doing is you're just going into your Facebook account, copying the ad spend, copying the meta revenue, copying the Shopify revenue. And again, if you're doing this in triple well, it makes it really easy. And then you're just pasting it in here. And then this calculator will do the rest for you. And now you can see during BFCM, some of the things that we were doing. So Sean scaled by 50% to 14.9 K, then Bobby came in and scaled by 50% to 22 K, right? TA and TA plus V-ROS last four hours is 4X, right? And we could also see inside of here that we were having a hot period during that time. Scaled BFCM campaign by 20% during this period. And so basically every two hours we're deciding whether or not we're going to scale, whether or not we're going to scale down. And then as you can see, this was a last send before midnight, scaled main camp by 20%. And then as you can see, as we hit midnight, we didn't reset budgets. So BFCMCA $1000 plus DCTCA 500, BFCM US 15,000 plus DCT 15,000. So I was able to reset some things at the end of the night and this is something that Sean will provide more information on. But for those of you that are wanting to get access to the sheet and kind of understand a little bit better about how we track surf, this is how to do it. There will be more videos to come, but hopefully this helps make sense for this sheet specifically.