... Okay, in this video, I'll talk about the video editing tech stack that we use at the agency to pump out tons of, uh, video ads every week, every month for our clients. This is what I used. This is what the team at the agency use, uses every day. So 

as you can see, the list isn't that big, and first, I want to debunk, uh, a common myth that's out there, that you need a lot of tools. You need, like, the best plugins. You need, you need, like, the best secret websites, whatever, to, to, like, make good videos, and that just isn't the case. [chuckles] You just have to put in the reps, you have to do a lot of ads, and you'll gradually get better over time. You'll have a better feeling of what content to use, where to get that content, because you'll, you'll start seeing patterns that repeat over and over, and you'll just get better at, you know, kind of recognizing, um, what to use and where. And as you can see, this, this list, like I said, isn't that big. Um, you don't need a lot of tools to make good video ads. Um, you just, you just need, like, this- these few essentials that I'll, that I'll cover right now, and you're, you're basically good. So first thing on the list is the editing software. Now, I personally use Final Cut Pro. I don't know why I use it. [chuckles] It was the first one I found, um, when I, when I got into video editing, 'cause I had a Mac, and I was like: "What's the best editing software to use on a Mac?" And, like, the first one that came was Final Cut Pro. It looked simple. It, it looked, like, easy to use, and I'm like, "Fuck it, I'll just use Final Cut Pro," and then I, I just used that for, like, until now. Basically, I, I still use Final Cut Pro to this day. Um, it has everything you need. It doesn't have crazy specifications, doesn't have crazy abilities like After Effects, for example. But if I made it with something as simple as Final Cut Pro, I'm, I'm definitely sure you can do that as well, or, like, even use CapCut. CapCut is, like, similar to Final Cut Pro, but in terms of, like, flexibility and in terms of abilities of other software, I would definitely recommend Premiere Pro or After Effects. Um, but yeah, if you're just a beginner, um, Final Cut Pro or CapCut are perfectly fine. But if you plan to, you know, do this for long term, and if you want to invest more time upfront and learn some... a bit more complicated, they're not complicated, but they have more abilities and more features, and therefore, they require a bit more time to learn and master them. Um, I'm talking specifically about, about Premiere Pro and After Effects. Um, so if you want to do that and, you know, learn a bit more technicalities of video editing, you definitely can do that, and 

there are certain benefits that you have when you, you know, you- when you know how to use and master these, um, editing softwares that, you know, um, have greater abilities. And I know Premiere Pro is like, um, getting updated constantly. They add AI features in there, stuff like that. So, um, these two, Premiere Pro and After Effects, are definitely the ones I would recommend you to learn if you're just starting out, but you can do this stuff in any editing software out there, basically. Um, so we have the editing software. The next one is plugins, and basically, what plugins are, are just tools, um, for specific... made for specific editing softwares. So for example, e- effects, transitions, um, I don't know what else, animations, like pre-built plugins. For example, zoom in, zoom out, so you don't have to do it manually with keyframes, stuff like that. Um, basically stuff that makes your life, um, that makes your life easier when you're editing, and it makes you faster, essentially. And 

there's a lot of ways how to get plugins. Um, I won't cover this now, but obviously inside of the community, we'll, we'll definitely have a place where we share plugins for all the different, uh, softwares that bas- that will basically make you faster when you're editing video ads. Um, I'm not an expert on, like, plugins for Premiere Pro and After Effects, 'cause I've never used it, um, but I do have some pretty good resources for Final Cut Pro that I can share with you guys if you, um, decide to use Final Cut Pro to edit your ads, basically. So basically, plugins, um, softwares or, like, add-ons for your editing software that make your editing easier and faster. And you can, you can find plugins on the internet. Like, there's a bunch of free resources out there, and I'll show you another way how you can find plugins for any editing software in a bit. So that's the editing software. Just like 

you need a, obviously, software, and then you need some plugins that will make you faster while editing. That's kind of the technicalities of video editing tech stack that I use. And then you have the footage, um, and this is where we basically get clips, um, to kind of enhance our videos. So obviously, if you're doing an ad, you probably have some footage of the product, of the creators, um, to work with, so you, you have some footage from the brand. Um, but then you, like, a lot of the times, you still need some footage to basically enhance your videos. Like, to add some B-roll in there, you know, to support some, some, some things the script is talking about and stuff like that. And these are all the websites that we, um, use to get footage for our ads, basically. So first one is TikTok. Um, basically, I don't know. Let's say you're doing an ad for a coffee brand, and 

you, you, you need some coffee B-roll, and then what you would do... Let me just pause real quick.... so then what you would do is you go on TikTok, you, you type in coffee, [chuckles] and you get a lot of videos that are viral. So you see this one has one point eight million views, um, like stuff like this, right? You can find- you can basically find B-roll, um, that's authentic, that's, you know, made by creators, and that's already out there on social media. And we just like to use, 

um, you know, B-roll from social media in our ads. And we didn't get in much trouble, you know, ripping content off of social media, um, yet. We like... Just be careful when you're grabbing footage from content creators, for example, um, they, they can, you know, um, ask or, like, they, they can even sue you probably. But in most cases, what happens is they just, like, see the ad, they see themselves in an ad, they're like, "What the fuck? I never made anything for this brand," and they just ask the brand to, you know, take the ad, um, down, basically. So that's the worst thing that can happen. But, like, stuff like this, where it's just like B-roll and you don't show creators' faces, um, we definitely do that, and you can, you can definitely do that when you're, um, when you're editing ads, basically. And one way how you can, um, download actual footage from TikTok is using this website. So this is the best website I found online, and this downloads, um, this downloads videos in the highest quality, um, without the watermarks. I only drink coffee- So let's say I want to download this video. I open it, I hit here, Copy Link, um, and then I go to this website, paste, Download, and Download without wa- watermark HD, and then, um, it should start download, um, anytime soon. Yeah, as you can see, it's downloading, um, and then you have this video. I only drink coffee on the- Have it downloaded. Um, the quality is good, and it's good to go. Uh, but yeah, basically, that's how we use TikTok to, um, find footage. And when you're looking f- for footage on TikTok, we usually look for clips that don't have any captions on them, um, because then you can... So stuff like this, right? You can see there's no captions on it, there's nothing, and you can easily use that as a, as B-roll for your ads, right? Um, so, um, 

yeah, you can use it in a lot of, in a lot of ways. So, for example, if it's- if you're- if you have a script, and the script is mentioning... So, for example, we're work- working with a humidifier brand, the example ad I showed you in, um, sound effects part and music. So, like, just type in humidifier, and you'll get a, a bunch of different clips, a bunch of different B-roll from like, you know, humidifiers, and then you can use that. If you're maybe, you know, if you're talking about bad humidifiers, if you're talking about plastic humidifiers, you can see, like, there's a bunch of, [chuckles] like, plastic humidifiers here, um, that we can, you know, uh, use. So, for example, I'm, I'm pretty sure we use this, uh, this video in our ad, right? So you c- you can do stuff like that, and basically, whenever you kinda are not sure how to, you know, visualish- v- visually show, um, something in your script, just go on TikTok, like, type whatever, um, the script is talking about, and you should be able to get some footage to use, um, and download it with the website that I, that I showed you. That's, um, this, this website right here. Um, this will be in the- in the description of this video, so you can access these tools yourself. Next one is called, um, urlebird. [chuckles] I don't know what that stands for, but basically what it is, you can search TikTok by, um, by hashtags. So we can search coffee, for example. And as you can see, you'll get a bunch of, uh, a bunch of different clips, um, 

and it'll show you when they're posted, it'll show you how much views they have, how much, um, likes they have, and how much comments they have. And I'm pretty sure you can- [upbeat music] um, we fortunately can't see the comments. Yeah, so you can't see the comments, uh, which sucks, but, uh, what you can do is download the video straight from here. So just download, uh, without watermark. Cool, it's downloaded. Simple, easy, fast. [upbeat music] Right, so this is the video. Perfect. Um, so that's how you can use this website to find, um, videos by hashtags, and you... then you can also search by users. So if you know an account that like, I don't know, has videos that you can use, um, you can search by users as well. So pretty useful site. Um, we ac- we actually found this recently, um, and it's been, uh, useful. And then I won't explain this, uh, all of this again, but you can do the, the exact same thing on Instagram. So you go on Instagram, and you search for a hashtag, you search for a keyword, uh, I don't know, coffee, humidifier, whatever, um, and you find clips there, and you download them using this website called igram.world. And, um, you can download, like, videos here, you can download photos here, you can down- you can even down- download stories here, and reels, basically. So whatever you find on Instagram, just copy the link, paste it here, and it'll automatically detect if it's a video, if it's a photo, and you'll be able to download it here. And this is the, um, the most, um, efficient tool I found for downloading Instagram stuff. Uh, the same thing with YouTube. Um, this is the website that, that we use to download YouTube videos. Um, I think you can... Most of the times you can download them in 1080p, so, uh, pretty useful tool as well. So basically doing the same thing whenever you're working on, I don't know, we, we worked on a, on a Shilajit brand. Um, if you don't know what Shilajit is, um, let me, let me type it out, 'cause it's-... Shilajit, I know it's a bit weird word, so Shilajit, um, it's a black substance. Um, it basically, um, helps you, I don't know, improve your health overall, basically. And we actually found some, like, documentaries on YouTube about Shilajit and how, how people harvest it, and stuff like that. And we just used that in our ads, and we never got into any trouble, uh, for it, basically. So, um, you can also, um, scrape videos from YouTube, um, for your specific niche, whatever you're working on, search for footage there, and download them using this website. And these are basically all the tools that, that you can use to scrape the internet. And I would say, whenever you're working on an ad and you're, you're kind of stuck, you don't know what to do, you know, you don't know what clips to use, um, 

basically, you need to kinda... This is basically a separate skill, like scraping the internet. Like going on TikTok, Instagram, YouTube, um, whatever, and searching for clips. Uh, so you need to kinda develop a skill, um, of doing that, and you do that by basically just editing more videos, like, you know, um, editing more scripts, and then you have this problem, and then you try to solve it, and that's how you gain experience. And then next time you're editing: "Oh, I found this pretty good footage, um, the last time. Let me, let me try to do that again." And then basically, that's how you get experience, and that's how you get better at, at finding clips on, on social media. But, um, yeah, definitely, definitely, um, this has helped us. Like these methods, TikTok, Instagram, YouTube, has helped us a lot, um, you know, to kinda make our ads better by using footage from, from social media. Then the next one is Envato Elements, and what this is, is basically a stock footage library, a huge stock footage library. Um, and not just stock footage, so they also have video templates, which is, uh, very interesting. So if you hit on, uh... And this is paid, by the way, Envato is paid. Um, so if you hit on Video Templates, you can actually sort by applications. So you see After Effects, Premiere Pro, Apple Motion, Final Cut Pro, DaVinci Resolve. Um, they don't have CapCut. [chuckles] Um, 

and basically, let's say we filter by Final Cut Pro, and you can see a lot of, lot of like res- resources here, like effects, LUTs, um, animations, transitions, camera zoom-ins, um, like a lot of useful plugins, basically, that you can use and that, that can make your, like, editing faster and easier and more efficient, and, um, just like a lot of cool stuff that has helped me a lot, um, in editing. So you can also kinda filter by, um, you know what it is. So I don't know, let's say you need titles, right? Uh, so you need some kind of cool captions, animated captions. Like, you don't have to, like, you know, if you need stuff like this, like, you just download a plugin, drag and drop, super easy. You just change the text, the number, whatever, um, and you're good to go, uh, basically. So 

a lot of useful stuff here, um, for like, um, you know, plugins and installing plugins for, um, basically any, any editing software that you use. And I know I have downloaded a bunch of stuff from here, and it has, uh, basically helped me, um, a lot, and it made my editing faster. They also have stuff like this. So you have, like, logo reveals, and then you just change the image, and it, like, does the animation for your logo, which is kinda sick. Um, but, yeah, a bunch of, a bunch of useful, um, video templates for editing software. Then you have stock video, and stock video, basically, it is stock video, stock footage, so I don't know. Uh, again, let's, let's search for some videos of coffee. And boom! You, like, get a lot of different B-roll for coffee. You can download it. Usually, they're in very, very, uh, very, very high quality, um, like usually 4K. Um, I think they even added, yeah, vertical. This is- They, they added this recently, so you can, um, also filter by horizontal and vertical, which is, uh, which is quite cool. Um, so yeah, that's stock footage. Then you also have music, um, which is quite nice. Um, you can filter by, um, themes, whatever genre. You have sound effects, you have graphic temp- templates even, which is quite cool. You have graphics, 3D presentations, photos, fonts, um, add-ons for, like, um, Photoshop and stuff, and then they even have, like, even more stuff. But yeah, basically Envato, just a huge, huge, huge library of creative tools that enhance your editing process and make your life, um, just a bit easier. So, um, like, [chuckles] if I, if I had to recommend to, like, invest in one resource that'll, um, help you, you know, make better ads, um, I would recommend Envato because it helped me, um, a lot, and I, uh, basically found a lot of useful stuff, um, when I was starting on in the early stages. So, um, Envato Elements for, like, finding stock footage. Then you have Pexels, uh, which is basically Envato, but free version, so for photos and videos. So we search for coffee again, and th- this is free. Like, this is where you get free stock footage, and then I think you can also filter by, um... Yeah, you s- you also have vertical. Um, right, so this is where you can get, um, stock footage for free. Uh, basically similar thing as Envato, but they don't have, like, plugins, they don't have templates, they don't have anything like that. They just have stock footage, and it's free, so pretty useful, uh, website. And then we have Artlist.... and Artlist is actually, uh, what's this? We couldn't process your last payment. Oh, that, that's, uh, that's a bit embarrassing. [chuckles] Um, so on Artlist, you can actually, uh... So they also added footage recently, and we've noticed that, uh, we found a lot of cool footage on Artlist, actually. And Artlist is 

primarily for music and sound effects, but, uh, they also have, like, pretty good stock footage, and we just realized this, uh, recently, and it's been, it's been very good. I don't know if they have... Oh, they have a vertical as well, which is quite cool. Um, but yeah, another, uh, another cool, cool, uh, way to find, to find stock footage, basically. Um, and they ha- they actually have, um, pretty, pretty high-quality videos. Not gonna lie. They have, they have pretty good footage, so 

I would definitely recommend Artlist for stock footage as well. Um, so that's it. Those are kinda all the ways how we, how we find footage to use in, uh, in your videos when editing ads. So obviously, primarily, you should use, um, as much footage from your brand, um, that you're working on, that you're making the ad for, as possible. But sometimes when you're, you know, when you're not talking about your product, when you're talking about some other solutions, when you're talking about something else, you kinda need to f- find creative ways how to show that, um, in your ad, and this is how we do it. So first, scraping social media, and then we use these, um, resources for finding, um, 

stock footage to support, um, s- to support, um, our ads, basically. Um, then we get to music and sound effects, 

and for this, um, I ki- I kind of covered this in music and sound effects video, but we get music and sound effects from TikTok, Instagram, YouTube. So, um, let me, let me show you an example. So I don't know. Let's say you're doing an ad for a jewelry brand, right? You type in jewelry, you just [upbeat music] open videos, and you 

kinda listen what, what kind of sounds, what kind of music is, you know, trending in that niche. So here, you usually have, um, the song, and then you can, um... 

I'm not sure if you can download, like, music directly from TikTok, um, but what, what I usually do is I just [upbeat music] try to find out what song this is. Um, I don't know what this is. 

Um, 

so, like, obviously this is Access by DKJ, Danny Johnson, and then I go on YouTube, and I search for, um... I'll just do it right now. Cool. So what I do is, um, it's not Access. I don't know. I, I think I spelled it Access. It's Aces. [chuckles] So I just search Aces by DKJ TikTok version 

and just, like, go here, um, copy the, copy the link, go to YouTube Mate, the, uh, the tool I showed you earlier, go to Audio, and download the audio, and you're good. Basically, that, that's how I do it. Um, that's the most efficient way I found to, um, download music, and if you like- if you don't know, if, if, like, this is, uh... Sometimes it can say, like, original sound, [upbeat music] and you don't know, like, what the, what the music is, um, I just use, uh, Shazam on my phone. So basically, um, Shazam is an app that you play the sound, you hit Shazam, um, and you- then the app tells you what song that is, and then you basically do the same thing. And for example, for using popular music, [upbeat music] um, I don't know if you're trying to use something that's, you know, from a popular creator, like, I don't know, The Weeknd, I usually don't, uh, like to download, um... [keyboard clacking] I usually don't like to download, like, original versions of the songs because they, they can get, um, flagged easier. I usually try to look for like, you know, TikTok version, slowed version, um, uh, reverb, whatever, um, a bit edited versions. Um, so, like, they're not, um, as easily flagged by Facebook's, um, algorithm. So 

that's, that's the ha- kind of hack I've been using, and it's been, uh, it's been working well so far. So yeah, that's how you use, um, TikTok, Instagram, and YouTube to basically find music and, um, sound effects for your ads, like specifically music. And then for, um, stock music and for stock sound effects, we actually use Artlist. And 

if you go to music, you'll get, like, a bunch of different, uh, different, like, genres, even instruments, mood, video, video theme, um, and then you just, like, you know, [upbeat music] preview the music, and you find, you find, um, you find a song that's, you know, that fits your, that fits your, um, ad, um, and you just basically download it and, um, 

use it. Very simple. Um, I might ha- I might actually share with you guys below this video, a... Some kind of a pack of, like, top, top music, top, like, stock music that we use for our ads. Um, so we have that as well. Um, but yeah, that's pretty much it. Super simple. And then for so- for sound effects, uh, there's als- also a sound effects, um, section, and again, you just need to search what you need. Like, if you need a whoosh, you search for whoosh, right? [chuckles] And, like, it's, it's super simple, super easy. Um, and that's basically where we get all of our, uh, music and sound effects. And then for inspiration, um-... I, I talked a bit about inspiration in one of the videos in fundamentals module, I think. But to get inspiration for your ads, um, I use TikTok and Instagram. So if you're scrolling social media, and I bet you are, [chuckles] um, I, I would encourage you to basically, whenever you see a good video, whenever you see a good, um, I don't know, a good hook, a good, um, 

video ad, just save it. Like, just copy the link or save it in your Instagram saved folders, so you can get back to it, um, later on. Um, and I can actually show you what we do as a team. So as a team, we actually have ad inspo channel, and we'll definitely have something like this as well in the, inside of the community. So whenever anyone finds a, a good ad, um, on Instagram, on Atria, wherever you find it, just, like, send it here and kinda s- explain what you like about this, uh, about this ad. So, for example, um, I found this good ad. It was, it was pretty, pretty interesting, so I just sent it here into inspo channel, and we kinda use this daily to just, like, you know, bounce around ideas and, like, um, send good ads in this channel. So, you know, team members can have more inspiration when they're making ads. Um, we'll definitely have a channel like that inside of the community. So that's, that's, um, [keyboard clacking] Ecom Talent Inspo Channel. [chuckles] Should add that in there. Um, but yeah, just like when scrolling through TikTok or Instagram, like I said, just save it for yourself, um, so you can reference it back when you're, you know, maybe you have a creative block, you don't know what to do. Then you go back, um, inside of that folder that you have, and you basically have some good ideas that you can use there to, um, reference and to kinda replicate or m- or, um, take inspiration from, basically. Um, another, uh, platform we use is Atria. Um, uh, I have to open this here. Um, oops. 

Basically, I already... I think I already covered Atria, but essentially just scrolling here and looking for inspiration. Um, and you, you also can save ads in your board. So if you like this ad, you can, you can save it, and then, um, you know, just make, make a board for yourself. I don't know, good hooks or whatever, good edits, and, like, you know, just reference it back as inspiration when you're, when you're editing ads. But yeah, um, Atria basically has a, like, a lot of, a lot of, um, useful, like, filters here as well. So you can even search by specific niche 

or industry. So if you're working on, I don't know, beauty and personal care, um, product, you search- you filter by beauty and personal care, and boom, there you have, like, a lot of ads in beauty niche, right? That you can take inspiration from. So 

that's definitely a good resource to find inspiration. And then one other way is actually Meta Ads Library, and here you can search for any, any brand that, um, that you can, that you can think of. For example, I don't know, um... I can't think of, like, any, any popular brand, but for example, AG1. Um, 

I don't know, I can't find them. Maybe they're called Athletic Greens. Yeah, so AG1 by Athletic Greens. And so if you find a brand that you really like, um, here's where you can search for them, and you can basically see all of the ads that they run inside of their ad, ad library, right? I strive to eat whole foods and minimally processed foods, meat- And basically, this is what Atria does. Um, but Atria, um, sometimes doesn't have all the ads that they run. So if you find a good brand, um, search for them on Meta Ad Library, and you can see, like, all the, all the ads that they recently ran. And then you also have some filters, um, active types, and then you can, like, choose when were they active and stuff like that. You can also filter by images, um, and videos, which is quite cool. So yeah, definitely Meta Ad Library is a good resource to, uh, also find inspiration for your ads. Um, and this pretty much covers it. Um, I know this video was a bit longer. I didn't intend it to be, like, almost thirty minutes, um, so I do apologize for that. But yeah, this is pretty much it. It's not that complicated, like I said. Um, you just need to start editing ads, start working on ads, and, you know, just start putting in the reps because that's how you get better. And there's no secret tool, there's no secret, um, 

there's no secret resource that'll help you, you know, make more winning ads and make more better ads. Um, you just need to put in the reps. And I do want to mention this, uh, this list right here is the basics. So here you have everything you need to basically start making ads and start making winning ads, and you probably noticed there's no, like, AI tools here, no complicated, you know, AI softwares. Um, and that's because I wanted to make this part, like, focusing only on the basics and only on, like, fundamentals of, like, tech stack that we use. And I'll cover AI tools that we use, um, to make ads in a different module. So don't worry, I'll, I'll spill the sauce, um, for AI in one of the next videos. But yeah, these are the fundamentals, these are the basics that we use, and this is everything you need to start making video ads today. So yeah, that's pretty much it. Thanks for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.