... All right, so in this video, we're gonna be talking about copywriting 101. So just, like, fundamentals, and I think honestly, some basics that everybody just needs to know, as well as just some quick strategies. Like, just a quick video to just cover a bunch of different strategies for those of you that, you know, really aren't great at copywriting or don't, you know, really know how to copyright at a high level. And for those of you that are at a high level, again, this is just kind of like a video for right now to get over some knowledge to you guys. Um, this might be a refresher for some of you. Some of you guys already know this. For those of you guys that are really good at copywriting and, you know, you manage copywriters and stuff like that, you, you could potentially skip this. If you wanna just scroll through it, you can. But my point is, is that copywriting is just such a crucial skill, and that's what we're gonna cover. And so I'm gonna try to just give you guys some game, for those of you that, like, you know, you don't even really practice copywriting. Like, you know what copywriting is, but you're just like, "Well, I don't really have any technique. I just write. Like, that's just how I do shit. I look at how people write shit, and then [chuckles] I write my own stuff," right? So I'm gonna try to give you guys some, some strategies here around how to become better at copywriting. Because the truth is, is that Evolve right now is giving you guys so much information, from the psychology to doing the research, to creating avatars and finding angles and preparing, getting everything ready to go. And then when it comes to the execution side of things, copywriting is one of the biggest variables, okay? When it comes to execution, there's copywriting, the words that you write, your message, and then there's the actual, like, editing, like, the visualising of it. And so thankfully, because of how to turn editors into A players, you guys can see this module. It'll basically cover your issue of being able to execute your, y- you know, your scripts and your briefs properly. So you've got that one covered. The final one here is, is, and one of the biggest ones, if you ask me, is just copywriting in general, okay? And so this was a training that we did for our lower-level program, but I'm refilming it for y- for Evolve specifically, to help some of you guys that are in Evolve just have a... like, get a grasp of what copywriting is and, like, why it's so important. And for those of you that are more advanced, again, as I probably already said in the overview video or as it says down below, we have the much more advanced training program coming, whether it's gonna be its own program or it's gonna be inside of Evolve, I'm not sure yet. But my point is, is, like, we're gonna get into, like, the nitty-gritty and break everything down. It's just for right now, I just cannot-- I don't wanna hold any kind of knowledge back from you guys, and so I'm just gonna kind of share what I... some of what I have documented right now. It's honestly just kind of scratching the surface, but hopefully, it'll just help you guys understand, like, this is one of the biggest things that you guys need to, to understand and, and get good at in order to actually be able to scale, okay? And so without my yap session over the yap session that's about to happen, let's go ahead and jump in. Okay, so if you run an e-commerce brand, the most crucial part of your business is marketing. And if the most crucial part of your business is marketing, then you need to get good at it. Duh! Right? To be good at marketing, you need to be good at writing words that convince people to buy your stuff. And to be good at- be good at writing words that convince people to buy your stuff, you need to understand who those people are. Once you understand who those people are, you need to then learn how to communicate that understanding to them, okay? And just to emphasise this, Mr Eugene himself said: "The power of your copy is in direct proportion to the depth of your research." So if you're wondering, like, "Holy shit, there's a lot of modules in here about how to do research, create avatars, and plan out this kind of stuff," well, it's because [chuckles] it's the most important part, okay? But how you communicate that understanding to them is called copywriting, right? I mean, and copywriting without research is like... you know, it's stupid. You can't copyright without research, so these go hand in hand. But the point is, is for you to actually scale your e-com brand, especially nowadays, because people have realised that, "Okay, well, I need to do research," right? A lot of people do it, but there's still a gap, okay? And that gap is copywriting. It's some people are really good at communicating that understanding, and some people are really shit, [chuckles] okay? So for you to actually scale your e-com brand, the number one skill that you need is copywriting, right? You just doing research doesn't... i- it doesn't really do much, but it, it's also why, if you've ever wondered why some people come to Evolve and, like, scale so fast, it's because they're great at-- they're really good copywriters, but they don't, like, do as much research. So I, I would say even then, they're not that great at copywriting because they don't go to the level of depth that we go, um, for, like, getting ready to do copywriting. But at the end of the day, for you to actually scale your brand, one of the biggest skills that you need is copywriting, so learning how to communicate your understanding of customers to them, right? Sounds easy, right? "Okay, well, I just need to do that one thing." But the problem is, is that most people, especially nowadays with AI, are mediocre at copywriting. And this is something that I've said before, but I want you guys to understand that AI just, like, lifts the ground level up. So anybody who's, like, a complete shitter at copywriting, they automatically get better with AI. But I want you to understand that if you get really good at copy-- like, if you're really good at copywriting and you know how to use AI, you can be exponentially better than everybody else. Because, again, most people are just gonna use AI and they're like: "Oh, well, this is good." And guess what? That good becomes the new normal. And so now everybody's just used to, like, decent copywriting, whereas if you're legit at copywriting and you can scale it with AI, and you know how to use AI, you're just gonna, you're just gonna murder everyone, okay? And so my point is, and [chuckles] murder them, meaning that you're gonna beat them with your winning ads, not, uh, the other version. But anyways, the problem is, again, like I said, most people are mediocre. Now, people prefer to try to press buttons in meta to try to hack the system. That's what most people do. But the brands that actually scale to 100k days have a legit skill set of copywriting. I want you guys to know that in Apex, we have around 20 brand owners right now. Every single one of them has at least one person, or they themself, are savage at copywriting. Every single one has at least one person who's just a world-class cop- like, copywriter, marketer, or the person [chuckles] who o- who's running the business is a world-class copywriter, marketer, okay? And so instead of, you know, trying to hack your way and click buttons in meta, like, just learn legit skills, right? But the truth is, is, like, to be good at copywriting, it's, it's hard because copywriting is like learning a new language. And if some of you guys who are in copywriting have heard this before, there's gonna be credits down below so you guys can know where I'm pulling this stuff from. But for most of you who, you know, aren't people who grew up speaking two languages, like Sean, I don't know, maybe Sean's better to talk about this, learning a language is damn hard. Like, bro, I remember trying to learn French or Spanish in high school. I was like, "I don't know shit," [chuckles] right?... So the truth is, is if I were just to give you guys a template, a prompt, which you guys will get, and tell you that this is all you need to create winning ads, and that's kind of what's in the program right now, but that's why I'm making this video is like, "Okay, you guys need to know it's so much more than that," and so hopefully this can help you, because we're gonna get into some tangibles. You know, it would be a disservice for me to not help you guys try your best to, like, learn the skill of copywriting. Although, I don't think Evolve will be able to teach everybody how to be a world-class copywriter. I mean, that's kind of my goal. There's gonna be more resources that you guys need to go out and learn and get feedback on, and all that kind of stuff. But at the end of the day, you know, I have been copywriting for the last five years. Sean is a great copywriter, and a lot of this stuff has just become natural because we've done so many reps. And a lot of you guys are maybe year one, year two, and you've just been, like, clicking them and, and doing Facebook ads and, you know, you've been kind of just copying other people's creative strategies, which is now why you're in Evolve. But, like, for you guys to get to this next level, you have to really embrace this skill set of being a marketer. And, and again, the number one skill set is just being good at copywriting, okay? And so at the end of the day, uh, by being in Evolve, you have the skill set of being able to find the information that will equip you with the knowledge of your specific customers, right? Evolve does a great job currently, and will continue to help you understand your customers better than everybody else. However, the only thing that will hold you back from getting to that next level is your ability to execute, which for you, should just be copywriting. Now, the other side is, again, your ability to, like, visually communicate that, which I've already kind of mentioned. You know, this how to turn editors into A players, that has you covered. So if you just follow this module, again, and, and kind of see what we do here, it's gonna help you understand how to solve that issue. So now it really just leaves your ability to write great briefs, which is, like, the most important thing. How to come up with great ideas and how to write great briefs, so that your team can just bring it to life, okay? And so at the end of the day, my point is, is copywriting is not a nice-to-have skill, it's a must-have skill, okay? It's n- and especially if you, like, don't have someone who's a great creative strategist or a great copywriter right now, unless you can afford to pay someone who is actually good... And so if you have a creative strategist right now and they're not performing, it's probably because they're not a good copywriter. Genuinely. Like, that's probably the issue. They just aren't that good. [chuckles] Okay? So unless you can pay someone who's actually good, but even then, if you can pay, a lot of you guys don't know how to attract them. Because having a great copywriter and have- like, you guys have to understand, like, if you have a great copywriter and a great marketer, you can plug them into any business, and they're probably gonna scale the shit out of it, right? And so if you guys wanna kind of change your perspective, and that's what we talk a lot about, like, you know, in Apex, is how to go and find these people or buy these people to bring them into your company, so that way, like, you don't have to do it, they can do it for you. You know, you basically build the people that build your company. But for most of you guys watching this right now, you should be learning the skill set, at least on a, on a baseline level, to get you to the next point, to then have the cash and have the opportunity to attract, you know, true A players, okay? So what we're about to cover, again, like I mentioned, is just a speck of what there actually is to dive into, into copywriting. There's so much, okay? But I need you to understand that, as I mentioned in one of the lines above, learning copywriting is like learning a new language. And at first, especially if you haven't really practiced before, it's gonna be rough, right? You're going to have to try to remember to do specific things. You're gonna make mistakes. You're gonna be like a baby speaking its first few words, okay? But after enough practice, it will just start to flow naturally. And at the end of the day, if there's one skill that will keep food on your table for the rest of your life, even outside of e-com, it's copywriting. Okay, so lean into this, be excited to develop and learn the skill, and let's just dive in. Okay, so I wanted to give this kind of like intro to copywriting to make sure you guys understand, like, how important it is, okay? Now, the first thing that we're gonna cover here is rules of copy. And so the number one rule of copy, at least right now, I mean, these are all, like, super important rules, but nobody cares about you, your company, or your product, okay? So the beginner mistake that a lot of copywriters make, is they start talking about how great their product is, how long you've been in business, your awards, your mission, all this kind of stuff. And can some of those things, you know, add extra credibility? For sure. But the truth is, and especially in the beginning of your ads or just when you're, you know, writing hooks and all that kind of stuff, people only care about themselves, okay? So you have to frame everything through their lens, their problems, their desires, their outcomes. What do they get? Because nobody gives a shit about you. They don't care, okay? So again, like, here's just a random example, like, "We've been in business for twenty years," versus, "For twenty years, we've helped people like you solve this problem." Okay, great, well, this one's more about me than this one, right? This does nothing for me. This helps me solve my problem. It's a very basic example, but I want, I want you guys to start thinking this way, because some of you guys are like claim- like, "Oh, yeah, we're the best." Sure you are, buddy. Like, but what the fuck does that do for me? You know what I mean? Um, so at the end of the day, you need to really make sure that you're thinking about the customer and understanding that nobody cares. Nobody knows you, and nobody cares, okay? Results are all that matter. Remove your emotion, okay? This is the number one thing that I see a lot of people do in Evolve, is they, they have ego, and they're like, "Well, bro, my, my copywr- my ads are good. Like, something must be broken with Facebook." It's like, "No, your ads just suck," okay? And you'll start to realize they suck as you get better, and I've seen this happen so many times with people who actually scale. They go back in and review their old ads and are like, "Oh, [chuckles] what was I doing?" [chuckles] Like, like literally, like, "What was I writing?" Okay? And so the truth is, is the market decides what is good and what is not, and your job is to test, measure, and let the data tell you what converts, and most importantly, use the data to complete feedback loops and correct your lens, okay? So if you are going in, if you're launching an ad, I always like to play a game. It's a good, good, good way to, like, practice how correct you are or how aligned you are with the market. It's like, okay, out of the three variations that you've made, which one do you think is going to convert the best? And kind of like write down, "Oh, I think V2 is gonna be the best," okay? And then if V1 actually is the one that gets the most amount of spend versus V2, you need to correct your lens and be like, "Okay, I thought this was better, but this one actually was. Why?" And the more that you can be accurate, the more that what you think is good is aligned with what your market and what your cu- potential customers think is good, the better you get at copywriting, okay? So you have to literally remove your ego, shed your ego, remove your emotion. I don't give a shit how you feel about the copy. If you spent-... you know, a week preparing it or whatever it is, if the market doesn't like it, if it doesn't turn into an ad that scales, it was bad copy, and you need to process a feedback loop to understand why, okay? And then more importantly, you need to apply that learning so you don't do it again. Okay? 

Write how people talk, not how they read. Now, for a lot of people, when they're new to copywriting, they just write it, and they don't think that it's actually spoken. Okay, you write it like it's a paper, rather than you're having a conversation, right? So for example, here, it's even sometimes when I struggle to read this, right? Because it's not how I would talk, right? Copy should sound like a conversation. Use contractions, short sentences, start sentences with "and" or "but," write like you're talking to a friend, right? This is good-- This is a good example of just... This is, like, structured how it should be written, although sometimes you'll notice that a lot of my writing is spoken. But you need to make sure that your writing feels spoken, right? So read your copy out loud. If it sounds weird or stiff or doesn't flow or, you know, doesn't have some natural, you know, not saying you need to have "ums" in your voiceovers, but, you know, it should kind of flow and feel more conversational, okay? Again, we already talked about this in the execution problem, but go to the Hemingway app, right, and double-check how easy is it to read your copy, okay? Really great example there. Again, "This supplement facilitates enhanced metabolic function," versus, "This tells your body to burn fat instead of storing it." [chuckles] It's a big difference there, okay? Sometimes you need to use scientific information, but a lot of the times, you just need to speak more conversational, okay? So again, write copy how people talk, not how they read. Copy is never too long, only too boring. This is one of my favorite ones, 'cause a lot of people are like: "Oh, we need to like, you know, write really quick, get everything straight to the point." And yes, like, can that play... Like, you know, and I, and I think there's actually a skill to that, where if you can communicate a lot in a short amount of time, you're a great copywriter. 'Cause, like, you can get the message across in less words, which is great, because people value their time. But at the end of the day, there's no such thing as too long. There's only too boring, right? There's a reason why people run, like, fifteen-minute VSLs on Facebook. It's because they're engaging, right? And again, there's this belief that people won't read long copy, but at the end of the day, it's like people are interested in what you're selling, you know, i- if it's relatable to them, and it's- there's something in it for them, okay? So your copy is never too long, it's just too boring. I love this one here, "So every sentence should, should create a slippery slide." It's a really good, a really great analogy of, you know, a lot of people will just, like, write sentences, and then just, like, stops, right? And I talk about this later on, uh, when you guys get down here into the feedback section, around how to, uh, process learnings on winning ads. Later, I talk about this ad. It does a phenomenal job of these slippery slides or slippery slopes, whatever you wanna call them. And basically, what this does is, like, it gets you reading the next sentence. Eugene Schwartz was famous for saying this, where it's like, the job of your copy is to get the person to read the next line, and then the job of that line is to get them to read the next line. You just want them to keep reading and reading and reading, okay? So again, how do you do this? Well, you end sentence with intrigue, you use open loops, you create curiosity gaps, you make each sentence lead naturally to the next, right? And you don't really wanna give them any kind of natural stop. So again, "Our product has three ingredients, and they work together to help you." Eh, right? "Our product has three ingredients. The first one does something no other supplement can do." Well, what can it do, right? So you're constantly creating this curiosity. It's a slippery slope. It's like a cliffhanger on every single line. That's how you get people to keep reading your copy, okay? The slippery slide analogy, really great one here. 

Research is eighty percent of the work, and you guys know this by being involved, okay? So just sitting down and writing with minimum research and not actually stopping while writing to do more research is one of the biggest mistakes I see people do. They do research once, and then they're just like: "Okay, now I need to make ads." It's like, no! Like, [chuckles] you should always have your research pulled up, and then while you're writing copy and you get to a certain line, you're like: "Hmm, I need a better line here." What do you do? You should go and do more research if that's needed, right? And again, it depends on the systems and the processes you have and your, and your total volume, but at the end of the day, like, you might need to do more research while you're writing the ad to make the ad the best ad that it can, okay? And so a lot of the times, your customers are gonna write the ads for you. And so if you don't know what to- if you don't know what to write, it just means you don't know your customers well enough, and so you might need to go do more research, okay? So most important thing here is, like, you guys know by going through Evolve, all the different ways, you know, Google, Reddit, YouTube. You know, Reddit is one of my favorite places, so I go to Reddit a lot, but it's like, go to- go read frickin' forums, or not forums, go read, you know, articles and stuff like that. Go, go to Answer the Public. Go wherever you need to go to find and understand your, your customer. At the end of the day, it's a really great rule of thumb, uh, I think it's from Eugene, where it says, "Spend a two, three- two to three hours researching for every one hour of writing." Okay? Research is, again, you guys should know, is a big part of writing, but now when you're getting into the writing phase, don't just forget your research. So many people do that, and that's a terrible thing to do. And then number seven, this is from, uh, Kyle Milligan, and, uh, he mentioned Joe Schriefer is the one that told him this, but daily practice. Like, again, guys, it's reps. It's reps and reps and reps. If you want to get better at writing copy, you have to just write copy. [chuckles] Like, again, it's the same thing as sales, right? Like, I could watch every single Jordan Belfort sales call and study and read every sales book, but unless I get on the phone and I start frickin' selling, right, I'm not probably- I'm probably not gonna get good myself, right? It's like g- it's like anything, guys. Like golfing, same kind of thing. Like, I watch professional guys golf all day long. I watch how they swing, [chuckles] but I go out, and un- until I actually start golfing, I don't get better, right? Personal random side tangent. But, so what you can do for ninety days to get actually better at copy or get better than ninety percent of copywriters, is read a piece of copy, okay? So active reading, right? Analyze the subtext. What is being communicated? This video, I, I go super, super deep on that. So if you wanna jump ahead, you can, but it's like this is a really great example of, like, going deeper and like, okay, there's words being said, but what is really being said, right? Study great copy. You guys have sixty-plus winning ads here for you guys to go and study the copy. What is being communicated, right? Write a page of copy. Now, this doesn't have to be for an ad. It can be for a landing page, it could be a, hell, a tweet, it could be, I don't know, anything. But just get in, in the-... zone of just writing copy every day. Just start writing copy every day, and you're gonna get better, okay? And another one here that they recommend is come up with an ad idea or come up with an idea every single day. So keep asking, "What if?" So, like, how do I come up with ideas? It's like, well, what if I approach this completely different? Why did this ad-- This is my way that I kinda do it. I'm like: Why did this ad stop me? What's the hook pattern, right? Or for me, I love reviewing ads, 'cause I'm like, "Okay, this was a winning ad. Why? Ooh, I have an idea. It could be this, or, ooh, it could be that," right? Or if you buy something, why did I buy this, right? Like, for example, the other day, I just bought socks, and I watched a Shark Tank episode, and I saw this brand, and I found out they're kinda shitty socks. But anyways, I saw this brand, and I was like... And even this hat, I just bought this hat. I was like, "Damn!" Like, I watched this hat, and I was like, "It made sense." Like, I'm a very logical person, so I was like, "Huh," like, I do struggle with a lot of things. Like, those guys actually understand the issue with hats, and it's like, wow, this is actually a cool hat. Okay? And so, again, I'm just giving you guys some examples of, like, how you can come up with ideas. And again, the pro tip here is, like, keep a notes app. I have this in my ClickUp, where I just have a bunch of winning ads, or even for me, unaware ads. I have a massive library, just unaware ads. Or whenever I have an idea that I wanna do for a brand, I'll just add it to the growth guide. So think of ideas, be creative. Try to always be creative. Even if you're at the store, you're like: Huh, I wonder, [chuckles] you know, if- I don't know, if you're shopping for something, you can just, you know, come up with ideas. Anyway, I'll digress. Point is, is read, write, and ideate. Do that every single day, and I promise you, again, you guys are gonna get way better. All right? Now, let's get into some copywriting strategies, 'cause we just talked about the rules of copy. We need to get into copywriting strategies, okay? So the first thing is, like, you need to understand the value equation, and this applies to your guys' offer as well. A lot of people, when they first read Hundred Million Dollar Offers by Hermosa, they're like: "Oh, this doesn't apply to ecom." Bro, [chuckles] you just don't understand copy, okay? And so when you-- when I look at this, a lot of people think time delay, oh, shipping, or a lot of people think, like, effort and sacrifice- or, like, perceived likelihood achievement. They're like: "Oh, reviews," or effort and sacrifice. They're like: "Oh, well, you know, you just have to click add to cart." It's like, no, you guys are completely missing the point. [chuckles] Okay? So dream outcome, that's desire. A lot of you guys know that, so really tap into the desire and tap into... Again, we're gonna get down to show, don't tell. But you'll notice a lot of these things are very similar, by the way. But how likely are they to get it? Well, perceived likelihood of achievement. Yes, reviews can do that, but how else can we do that? How else can we maybe add guarantees? How else can we add maybe guarantees that are specific to the benefit that they actually want? Or how can we show photos of people, or how can we, again, show, don't tell, that this will actually work because we understand the outcomes that they actually want? How can we show videos to, to build proof, all that kind of stuff, right? I'm talking more like CRO stuff, but this also applies to your guys' ads as well. And now, I love these down here for time delay, effort, and sacrifice. So it's like: How long does it take to get it? Well, how long, how long does it take for the product to work? The faster the product works, guess what? The faster, or, like, the more likely someone is to buy it. And again, Norse, Norse Organics is such a great example of this because they say, "Stop embarrassing acne in days." One of their biggest, biggest selling points is how fast it works, right? I wanna pay full price. Less than one week. Results in two weeks. Two weeks. Four days. Right? Speed, guys. Whenever you can sell with speed, you're providing more value because they don't have to wait a month for your product to work. It works in two weeks, right? That is value. You're creating value out of thin air. How much effort does it take them? It's like you don't even have to do- you don't even have to change your diet. Guess what? You'll lose weight, keep eating whatever you're eating, and you, you, you can still lose weight. 

No effort there, or that's actually more, more sacrifice and no effort, which is why they're kind of bundled. But even there, from an effort standpoint, it's like: Well, what do I have to do? It's like, literally all you have to do is take one pill a day or, like, smack it on your face once a week, whatever it is, right? And so you guys can create value by understanding what humans value. Okay? So really great strategies here for you to consider when writing copy. Like, how can I tell them that it's- they get it faster, or how can I tell them that it's easy for them to do, right? Which then kind of leads into the frames, and you can kind of see, a- these are very similar, but these are the frames, uh, from Kyle. You guys will see him down below in his book around new and only, or easy and anybody, or safe and predictable, or big and fast, okay? And so what this means is, is that when you use new and only, this is something that they've never seen before. It's different from everything else. And this is where it- when you're trying to, like, "Okay, how do I cut through market sophistication?" This is how you do it, okay? Because this is what customers are thinking: "Is this new, or is this the same old stuff I've already tried?" Right? So if you're someone who is- already knows this stuff in copywriting and you're w- still watching, you might be like: "Well, this is not new to me. I already know this. This is not gonna help me to scale." But if you've never heard this stuff, you're like: "Holy shit! Like, [chuckles] I'm not doing this. This could be the reason why I'm not scaling." And guess what? Now you're gonna apply it, and it, it will likely help you scale, okay? Easy and anybody, okay? This is simple to do. It doesn't take a lot of work. Anyone can do this. What is the cust- what is the customer thinking, right? "Can I actually do this? This is hard." And now, are they consciously thinking this? Not- potentially, they are, but most of them aren't. They're just subconsciously thinking: Like, "Can I actually do this?" Like, "How hard will this be to get what I actually want," right? Effort and sacrifice. Safe and predictable, so important, right? This is safe. Other people tried it, and it worked. You won't lose money if it doesn't work, right? This is because m- so many people are skeptical. "What if I try this, and it doesn't work?" Most people are gonna see the glass half empty because of the fact that they just have not had good experiences. More people have had bad experience with products than good. Just kinda how it is, okay? Big and fast. You'll see big results. It happens fast. You won't have to wait forever, okay? So will this actually change my life, or is it just a small difference, right? This big thing is super important. It's like, is this going to... You know, just on a crazy example, is this gonna get them a date with a supermodel? [chuckles] Or is it gonna get a, get them a date with, I don't know, some d- some random girl that... I don't know, this is getting kinda weird. My point is, is like, it needs to be a big result. That's why people make big claims a lot of the time. But at the end of the day, what I like about this is, like, it just reminds you guys that sometimes you guys are making claims on things that are so small, especially those of you that get, like, really granular into desires. It's like, it might not be that big of an impact to people, and so they just don't care, you know?... like getting a six-pack is probably a way bigger change for someone than like, I don't know, having big forearms. Like, you know? More people probably care, and it's a bigger impact to lose the fact that they're fat than just having big forearms. Okay? So examples of this, you know, lose weight fast. Okay, this only has fast, right? Twelve thousand women blocked the enzyme destroying their appetite hormone and ate twenty-four percent less in one week without trying, okay? Try it risk-free. Now, it's a little bit wordier, and you guys are gonna see in the video examples that I get down below, I talk a little bit more about this and how to not just apply this into your one headline, and how you can apply this into sub-headlines and just throughout the wholes and stuff like that. But again, you know, sleep better with blackout curtains, okay? Sleep better is a pretty big thing, right? But this is the first blackout blind that blocks a hundred percent of light using military, military-grade fabric. Install under five minutes without drilling. Fifteen thousand parents got their toddlers sleeping through the night in the first week. Now, if we're targeting parents with toddlers, that's a big thing, 'cause a lot of times toddlers don't sleep. Okay? Number three, avoid categorising yourself with others and blending in. This is something that is hard to do, but if you can avoid doing this, and if you can create new categories for yourself, I'm telling you guys, like, you can absolutely murder. And this is where a lot of breakthroughs are led, because right now, with one of our brands that we're just absolutely murdering for, we've added, I think, like thirty thousand dollars or forty thousand dollars a day in spend to their account, and it's simply been from creating a new category that we are just-- we're the first in. Nobody else is, is, is targeting this, and we found that through new mechanisms, okay? And there's a prompt, if you guys don't already know this, to go and try to identify some new mechanisms. And guess what? It's pretty damn good, okay? So how to find and apply new mechanisms. New mechanisms are everything, guys, okay? 

So what a lot of you guys do is a lot of you guys will compare yourself to your competitors, and it's not saying that that, like, that's a bad thing, and we've had, like, us versus them ads do really well. But the thing is, is people will just see you as a specific alternative, right? So for example, if we're like, "This is different from all other collagens," well, they're just gonna automatically think, "Oh, well, this is another collagen." Sure, you're better than other collagens because it's yours. Obviously, you're gonna say it's better, right? But here, if we say, "This is the first supplement that blocks the enzyme destroying your appetite hormone," that's a new category, 

right? Here, like whey protein, but vegan. Again, you're categorising this as a, a whey alt- whey protein alternative. But here, if you just say, "The first complete protein that digests in twenty-three minutes and builds forty percent muscle faster or forty percent more muscle faster than whey from a banned Icelandic algae," [chuckles] it's like a new category, right? It's a fast-digesting, complete protein from algae, right? You're-- I mean, again, this is just like word vomit, but the point is, is like we're creating a new category. We're creating something new. We're not categorising ourselves. We're not saying we're like whey protein, right? It's like David's Protein even kind of did this. They're just like-- They're just in a cha-ching. We love to see it. Um, [chuckles] shout out to Kauai. Basically, the thing is, is that you're, you're, you're creating a new category for yourself, okay? You're, you're above everybody else. You're this new category. Like David's Protein, again, they sell protein bars, but they're just basically saying, like, they're in a whole new category. They are like gram for gram or calorie for calorie, the highest protein bar that exists, okay? Again, another one here, like Dyson, but affordable. Again, Dyson alternative? No. It's like, "This is the first device that adds moisture without making your room feel like a rainforest," okay? So new category, microparticle moisture, and again, we're talking about, like, humidifiers here. But digressing, hopefully, you guys get this point. Try to not categorise yourself. Sometimes you will have to, but try to create your own category, because then you're not competing with anybody else, and guess what? They're not gonna shop with your competitors. They're gonna shop with you because you're in your own category. You need to show, not tell. Biggest thing, and I only thought this was possible with visuals, but you can do this with words, guys, okay? Most of you guys 

will just tell benefits. This will make you feel better. This will make you feel energized. This will help you sleep better. What does this do? This actually triggers the logical brain, which now I'm skeptical, skeptical, right? It's like, "Sure it will, buddy. Sure this will make me feel energized. Yeah, sure." The solution is to show the transformation through story, imagery, and behavioral change, okay? So that's why when you're doing the avatar training, if you understand someone's behavior, you know how to show them the behavior that they actually want, right? So when you show, it triggers this emotional brain rather than the logical brain, and it builds belief, okay? Example of me telling: You'll have more energy and feel great. Showing: You'll wake up h- without hitting the snooze button three times. You'll walk past the vending machine at three PM without even thinking about it, right? Or without... You know, you'll be able to go the whole day without drinking an energy drink. You know, you're gonna go, go to bed without the nightly pantry raid, right? Now, this is, I think, kind of getting into this idea around, um, like, calorie deficits, which I kind of did in the ad, but my point is, is like, you're using examples. Here's another one, right? Like, your wrist pain will disappear. Remember that shooting pain you used to get around two PM, the one that made you shake out your hand every, every few minutes? Gone. Now, you're on your third Zoom call, and you haven't even thought about your wrist. You're clicking without wincing, right? Like, we're showing them what the benefit will be. We're not telling them what the benefit will be, because we're showing it through their behaviors and through their experiences, right? And that's why it's so important to know this stuff, because if you know what their actual ideal, you know, behaviors or experience looks like, right? Again, rather than saying you're gonna get more girls, it's like, "Girls are gonna come up to you that you don't even know," right? Like, girls are gonna, girls are gonna approach you, right? We're showing. We're showing what they actually want, and now that-- now they're, they're creating that image in their head. They're like, "Damn, that would be nice," right? Rather than saying, "You're gonna get more girls," it's like, "Sure, I will. Of course, your product's gonna help me do that," right? So, like, you see what I'm saying? Um, so it's very, very powerful. Now, obviously, if you can do this with visuals, and again, the example that I've given, this will be really quick. It's like, okay, well, if I... You know, I, I think I've said this a million times. Just trying to pull out my phone. Um, I've got it tucked in there deep. If I'm like: "Hey, this phone case will protect your phone," I'm telling you, right? I'm like: "Hey, this will protect your phone."... Okay, great. Like, sure, buddy. But if I just drop this from a hundred feet away, and then I pick it up, and I'm like: "See? Look, phone's fine," that's showing with visuals. That is, like, the best thing that you can do. Whenever you can show with visual, and that's what we're doing with one of our brands right now, we identified a new mechanism, and we realized we could show it very clear, clear as day, and it's just murdering for us, okay? So whenever you can show, people can't disagree, and now AI [laughing] kinda makes that a whole new thing. But the thing is, is like for a lot of you guys that sell supplements or whatever it is, it's like sometimes it's hard to show that visually, and so you have to show it with your words by showing, like, what it actually looks like writing down, versus, you know, you just telling them, like: "You're gonna feel more energized." It's like, "You're gonna be able to go a whole day without drinking a Monster." Kinda nice, right? Obviously, that means I'm, I'm probably feeling more energy, okay? How to write body copy that isn't fluff. Um, this is just a great example from, again, Kyle. You guys will see him down below. I'm just like: Okay, hey, you know what? When you make claims, people are gonna have objections. So again, objection is what they're thinking and doubting. Address it head-on. "Okay, I know what you're thinking," right? Now, don't use that line verbatim, 'cause so many people say that, but it's like, "You've probably done this," or like, "You've probably seen this." This is why understanding behaviours is so important, and again, I break this down in this ad, where basically, you know, I'm like, hey, you know, you're-- the guys talk about compression socks, where it's like compression socks, it's like most of them are, are synthetic ones, are too tight, and they trap heat, right? Um, and it kinda talks about this, you know, this objection, where it's like: Well, what is this different? Well, like, what makes it different is this, and this is where you make the claim, and then you show proof, okay? And so the idea here is, like, you raise the objection, and it's like, of course, it's gonna be better than other products, right? Or, of course, I'm gonna say it's better than other products. And you say: But this product actually has this, and this is the truth, and here's proof that this is true, and then here's the benefit of what's going to happen as a result of this claim. And again, this is where we show and we don't tell, right? We show them the benefit rather than just tell them the benefit, okay? So again, objection: "You know, I've tried supplements before, and they didn't work," right? "Well, this isn't another appetite suppressant. It's the first supplement that blocks the enzyme destroying your appetite hormone. In a twelve-week study, women ate twenty-four percent fewer calories in week one without trying." Benefit: "Imagine eating only twenty- twelve hundred calories and feeling satisfied, not deprived, just done eating," right? This is how that kind of flows, okay, and you'll see examples of how I do that as well in the how to write video ad section. So if you guys go down here, and Koa, you're getting some screen time here. Uh, if you guys go down to the how to execute ads, and you see how to write video ads, you'll see me kind of do that in, in part two. But the point is, is, like, objection, claim, proof, benefit. Now, you can cycle through this many times, but at the end of the day, you've gotta understand the objections that your customers have, address them head-on without sounding cheesy or corny, and that's where skill set comes in. And then restating the claim, providing actual proof, and then showing the benefit, not telling. And then the roles of market awareness levels. Now, this is just a final one down here, so you guys need to understand that when you guys are writing these unaware, problem-aware ads, your ads are probably gonna be longer, and you need to, like, add more context, which is why writing unaware ads is very hard, and we're gonna have a training on that as well. But again, you need a full journey from like: Okay, here's this thing that's happening. Here's why it's a problem. Here's all the other solutions. Here's the, the products that you probably heard of, but here's why ours is the best, right? And then problem-aware is the same thing, but now you're just starting at the problem. And then solution is, like, you need to educate on your solution. Problem-aware is need differentiation, right? Most aware is just need the deal. So a lot of, like, new mechanism ads are just product aware, right? Where it's like this new mechanims- mechanism is better. It's a category of its own, right? But what you'll notice here is each one of these, these three here, solution, problem, and unaware, are all educational. You need to educate somebody on something, which is why, again, knowing and having information, right? So again, where do we, where do we get new information? Well, guess what? There is a new information prompt right here, okay? You guys can figure out how to find and apply new information, okay? And so here, it's gonna help you figure out what you need to educate your specific customers on, okay? Now, most important thing that I see people do wrong is people will try to do problem aware, and then they'll just jump straight to most aware. So a lot of people will write ads like this: "Have this problem? Try our product." And you skip [chuckles] two of the stages, right? That's why a lot of your guys' ads just don't convert, because you're like: "Dealing with X issue?" It's like: "Meet this product. It's that much better!" And the reason why that's a thing that, you know, companies have done, and again, most people suck at marketing, is because, like, of just time constraints, where it's like you guys on Meta don't really have time constraints. Again, there's no such thing as too long. There's only too boring, right? And so down here, when it comes to writing with market awareness levels, which you guys should already be aware of, you need to understand that you need to go through each stage, and Sean talks about this too, when you're writing ads, okay? 

And that's it. Here's my credits for you guys that wanna know. Again, Hundred Million Dollar Offers by Hermozy. Uh, Take The Money by Kyle Milligan. I wanna give a big shout-out, 'cause a lot of this stuff is actually from Kyle Milligan. I actually got this from a friend of mine, and I've been studying his work kind of over the last, you know, couple of weeks, and it's, it's really good stuff. Um, and I know he's learned from people, and now, you know, I've learned from him. I'm passing it along. Like, this guy's a savage. I'm pretty sure he's more of an email marketer, but what he talks about is legit. And if you guys want their money or want their money [chuckles] want his book, I'd recommend just supporting him, 'cause, like, he's a great dude. I actually bought the book as well. Um, Eugene Schwartz, Breakthrough Advertising, you guys should already know that by now. Um, and at the end of the day, these are guys... Like, you guys should always be learning. There's more people on here. You know, there's the Ogilvy on Advertising, and there's other ones as well, Claude Hopkins, all that kind of stuff. Like, you guys can go read more of that, but I've just tried to, like, basically boil this down to the things that you need to know. And even then, if you guys find books, what you, what you can do is also just ask Claude for the CliffsNotes, and you're gonna get a lot of the most important things. However, I feel like it really sticks when you read it and you see the stories and you sit in it. And again, when you're-- part of your job to get better at copywriting is to read, read a piece of copy every day. Well, guess what? Like, that's gonna help you get better if you actually read, okay? And so that is Copywriting 101. I know it's a little bit of a, you know, a longer video. Maybe this was actually more advanced than [chuckles] than you were expecting for people who are just kinda starting out, but I wanted to give you guys this guideline of just, like, copy in general, of, like, how to get better, how to suck less, how to write overall, just execute in a better way. And I hope this helps you make more money in ads, and I hope this helps you apply, you know, everything that you've been learning, and then you're gonna watch me, kind of in the modules to follow, execute and, and use some of this stuff to actually write the ads that we write specifically. So I hope this helps, and if you guys have any other questions, again, please let me know in the chat. But, uh, I hope this helps you put out some more bangers, and good luck.