... All right, guys, so in this video, we are going to be writing image ads. Now, the way that you write for image ads and video ads is basically gonna be the exact same, but I just want you- well, not the exact same, but, like, the process of how you write is gonna be the same. It's just when you do video ads, they're gonna take a little bit longer because you've got to put a little bit more time into them. Um, with that said, what I wanna do is I wanna basically show you guys how I would go through the process of making an ad after using everything. So let's go ahead and jump in. So the first thing that you obviously need is you need your own document. So I kind of have what I call here the master document, right? In this document, I have the Product tab, I have a Research tab here, I have an Avatars tab, which I've-- I'm gonna get into and explain what I did here. I have a new Information tab and a new Mechanism tab. Okay? And just as a pro tip for the Chads out there, um, you got to get a little retro jazz going while, while you're getting lost in the sauce. Get some vibes. Get the vibes right. Get locked in. You know, this is that wealth-building music. Why do they play jazz in the nicest restaurants and all this kind of...? I actually don't know why. I don't... Anyways, the point is, is, like, jazz, jazz is how you lock the fuck in. [laughing] All right, so now what we're gonna do is we are going to grab this prompt. We're gonna open Claude, we're gonna drag this over here, and we're gonna copy this prompt, and, uh, we are going to insert our sub-avatars in here as well. All right, I don't even know how to use my own prompt, but let me go ahead and, uh, pull up what I wanted to pull up here, which was my, uh, sub-avatars here. So I'm just gonna copy all this, 'cause I think there's some sauce in here. Uh, so I'm gonna pull all this up, and we're gonna go into Claude, we're gonna paste, and we're gonna go. Um, so let's see what Claude cooks up for us. I will pause until it's done. All right, so let's see what Claude cooked up. So right here, we've got sub-avatar number one, which is the stressed eater. Uh, and here's our three different angles. So, uh, angle number one is stop the stress eating cycle. Uh, angle number two is fill-- or fills the empty pit without food, and angle number three is eliminates the regret cycle. Now, again, uh, if you want to do marksman here on this one sub-avatar, you can. I'm actually just gonna take, honestly, a relatively bigger swing overall with this. And so the stress eating cycle lowers your cortisol levels, so food stops being your only comfort. Uh, break the urge without needing iron discipline. Love this. One scoop, no more stress eating. Uh, this lowers cortisol. This stops the cycle. Uh, stop needing discipline, start lowering cortisol. I really like this one. This is pretty good. Cortisol is, is a pretty popular mechanism. Um, but angle number one here, because now we're gonna start to build out this concept, okay? This is gonna be our sub-avatar test. So angle number one is gonna be stops the stress eating cycle. I really do like that. Um, we can jump into, uh, some of the other headlines here. So stop needing discipline, start lowering cortisol. This one's pretty good. Uh, so angle one, I'm just gonna pop this... Whoopsie, I hate sheets 'cause it's command for some reason. Uh, and then over here we've got, fills the empty pit without food. Uh, so it tells your brain you're actually full by boosting the same hormone as Ozempic. Uh, this is getting into obviously what Glumera does, not so much around the... This is obviously stress eating, but, uh, tells your stomach full even when it's not. I love that headline. Uh, boosts GLP-1 by sixty-eight percent, stops the empty pit feeling. Uh, this is in collagen, this is appetite control. And then angle number three is eliminates the regret cycle. I actually like this one, 'cause the regret came up a lot. When you're not constantly fighting stress eating urgencies, you stop the binge, regret, shame spiral, and that makes you feel, that makes you feel pathetic. So one ingredient, zero regret after eating, calms your cortisol in thirty minutes, ends regret in seven days. Stop fighting the urge, start lowering the hormone. Some of these are okay. I actually really like this, uh, eliminate the regret cycle. And again, the goal that we, that we have here is the, um, you know, is, is, is to really figure out what angles we wanna go with. Stress eating cycle is good. Um, this says stop needing bliss and start, start lowering cortisol. I do like how emotionally powered this is. Calms your cortisol in thirty minutes, ends regret in seven days. Uh, one ingredient, zero regret after eating. Um, I do really like this idea of the regret that people feel, um, especially for people who are stressed, but that's kind of more, I think, for the people who are addicted to junk food. Uh, makes twelve hundred calories feel easy, shuts up your stomach for good, um, lets you say no without willpower. I kind of like this, makes twelve hundred calories easy. The reason why I like this one is specifically because of the fact that it's like twelve hundred-- eating twelve hundred calories a day is not easy. Um, let me just ask actually, ChatGPT, uh, on average, how many calories does a woman eat per day in their thirty-five-plus age range? And now, I know a lot of you guys were like: "Well, Spencer, you didn't add this demographic to your sub-avatar. Why is that?" I'm just trying to get an idea. So for an average woman, uh, age thirty-one to fifty, about six- sixteen hundred to twenty-two hundred calories per day. All right? And so, boom, we've got this backed by science, 'cause, like, we just wanna make it backed by science, backed by ChatGPT, which is good enough for now. Um, we just wanna make sure that what we're saying is actually, you know, makes sense. Uh, so angle number two here, uh, that we're gonna go after is makes twelve hundred calories feel easy. And so I really just like this idea of calling out that something that is actually hard is easy. So it's like two things that don't go together. That's a common theme that you'll see, uh, in execution modules that, you know, just... I- it's just a great way to grab someone's attention, where it's like, that's not supposed to be easy. How is it easy? And guess what? Now you're curious. Um, so let's go down here and take a look. Twelve hundred calories used to be to- torture, not anymore. This tells your brain you're full even at twelve hundred calories. That's kind of a banger. Kind of a banger. I like that. I don't know what mine was. Um, I'm, I'm having way too much fun, guys. Sorry, I've got so many documents and tabs open all over the place. Uh, eating twelve hundred calories is easy. Um, I kind of just like that as a headline, to be honest. I might play around with that. I might do a fourth one. I don't know. Let's see who's smarter, you know, Claude or, um, ChatGPT. You know, tells your brain you're full even at... I might even say, like, tells your stomach you're full, even at twelve hundred calories. So I kinda like that. Um, so that's my second angle that I'm gonna be going after. And then the next one in here that we have, shut up your stomach for good. Shut up your stomach in seven days. [chuckles] Super far. I, I honestly-- like, I would almost wanna do a sniper approach just on this angle. So I might even come in here and just be like, "Spencer, uh, this is going to be the, um, shut up stomach angle."... Okay? Again, desire is still the same, um, but let me paste that in there nicely. Oh, I lost it. Uh, I wanna be in control of my appetite, and the actual angle here is shutting up your stomach for good. And now here I might just be like, hook one, uh, hook two, and hook three. Okay? Um, and so this is just a specific angle. So angle, shut up your stomach for good, um, is kind of what I would wanna do a, a specific ad on, 'cause I really, really like it. I also really like this twelve hundred calorie one. Uh, lets you stay in it without willpower. This isn't willpower, this is hormones, eh, not the biggest fan of that. Um, doesn't really know what GLP-I does. All right, so hey, look at that. Claude actually ranked this last, which is kind of interesting. Um, the natural Ozempic alternative. Reasons to buy: uh, you've heard GLP-I controls appetite. That's what's in Ozempic. This boosts it naturally by sixty-eight percent without injections or prescriptions. So hook number one, same hormones as Ozempic, no needles. Uh, this is how Ozempic works. Heard of GLP-I, this increases it naturally. Uh, I'm actually gonna go in and copy some of the context that I put in here to work this, uh, what GLP-I actually does. GLP-I tells your brain you're full. This boosts it by eighty, uh, sixty-eight percent. Uh, one hormone controls cravings. This increases it. Um, this is in collagen. This is GLP-I support, the hormone that makes Ozempic work. Ozempic uses GLP-I, so does this. Uh, sixty-eight percent more. I actually really like this. That's, that's good. It's just this brand doesn't wanna say Ozempic specifically. You know what Ozempic does? This does it naturally. Pretty good as well, but again, we're just saying naturally, we're not showing anything cool. So again, this is why you guys need to know what AI is doing. But let me go ahead and actually pull some of the context to finish this angle number three. I'm gonna pause, pull it over, and then you guys are gonna see what I wrote, just so you can see how I'm working with Claude to basically refine these angles. Cool. So basically what I said here, it says, "For the third avatar, can we refine the final angle, uh, based on the context here?" And I basically just said, like, "Hey, here's the specific sub-avatar." Again, I've already gave it to them, and I said, "My idea is, is the avatar that we're testing here has heard of GLP-I, and they know that it helps people lose weight, but they don't really understand how it works." Now, this is basically where we want to dumb things down, simplify the language, and explain how our product actually delivers the mechanism. Uh, and then I said, "Some, some potential headlines that I thought of here is: keep food in your stomach longer, trick your stomach into thinking it's full, and slow stomach emptying." Right? And so let's just see what Claude comes back with for this third and final avatar, just to see if I can get, you know, this final angle, uh, really nailed down. Um, and this was like the sniper approach that I was mentioning to you guys before. I had this idea of just really going deep on people not knowing why GLP-I works. But according to this, um, the sub-avatar that, that Claude actually likes is the stress eater. Um, so it might even make sense, again, based off of this initial test, to go and do marksman as well. Um, and again, based on the ideas that you guys have, you just have to understand, like, this is one day. Like, I'm doing this in-- I've probably spent, like, two hours and a little bit going through and doing this stuff. So, like, this is giving me my one concept, and your guys' goal is to do, like, one to two concepts a day, right? And so from there, if you really think about it, like, I don't really need to do more. Like, I could spend this much intent on this one marksman-level concept, and obviously, I still would need to edit the ad, which we're gonna get into, uh, but basically, this is just how I'm getting to the point where I'm like: Okay, I've got a pretty good idea now of, like, what is... what, like, what direction I wanna go in. Um, I probably don't need to add a ton more ideas, although you guys can add ideas. I'm just trying to help you guys stay focused. So, um, let's just see what Claude responded to here. So again, new priority. Um, angle one, how GLP actually works, simplified. So again, this is great. Uh, tricks your stomach into thinking it's still full. This is really the main one that I wanted to go after because it's just, it's just, like, that, that is the whole idea. Like, people who think they know what GLP-I does, but they don't really understand how it, how it really works. And so this one here is trick your stomach into thinking it's full. It's kind of like a headline. Um, the reason why you've heard GLP-I helps you lose weight. Here's how it, uh, here's how it tricks your stomach into thinking you're still full, even hours after eating this, uh, but this boosts that hormone naturally. GLP-I tricks your stomach. This boosts it. Uh, this keeps food in your stomach longer. This is how GLP-I works. Uh, trick your st- your stomach into thinking it's full for hours. I might try to write a few more of these. GLP-I slows stomach emptying. That's why it works. This is just collagen. Everyone talks about GLP-I. Nobody explains it until now. Uh, GLP-I tricks your stomach. GLP-I keeps food in your stomach longer. This is how Ozempic works. One scoop, food stays in your stomach three times longer. I like this one. I think this is pretty dope. Um, so I'm gonna go with this one here inside of the roadmap. So angle number three, one scoop, um, and food stays in, in your stomach three times longer. Um, I would have to validate that claim. We have to double-check if Claude-- if we can actually make that claim. Um, but basically, from what I've seen around the product, we, we should be good. But basically, I, I, I kinda wanna refine this a little bit further. I might ask Claude now to just say, like: "Hey, I really like this headline, but can we make it pack more of a punch and make it more shorter and to the point?" Kind of like the example. And so again, this is me just taking inspiration as well from the static ads doc, right? Uh, so one scoop fa- food stays in your stomach longer. Um, let's just see what Claude cooks up. All right, so after going through it, honestly, I'm just gonna go with trick your stomach into thinking it's full. Uh, Claude came back with one scoop, full three times longer. Eh, you know, but I'm really just a fan of just, like, trick your stomach into thinking it's full. I kind of like that as a headline, okay? Well, the good news is, is with statics, you basically have. Like, we're done. You know what I mean? Um, and so what we can do here is we can pull up, um, the new and optimize, uh, ideation concept. This is not the one. It's this one over here. Let me go ahead and pull it up for you guys. We've got the ideation concept or, or concept brief, okay? And what you're gonna do is you're gonna make a copy of this. All right? We can just call this Brief Template, uh, Batch Number One. [chuckles] Uh, and I'm gonna call this S Batch, and this is the sub-avatar test, right? So this is where we take our roadmap, right? I'm like: Okay, well, we've got our sub-avatar test. Guess what? We're working on it. Let's go! So this is the concept, sub-avatar test. We know the desire. Here's our angles that we're going after. So guess what? This makes it pretty easy. So we can go into our brief. What's our concept? Our concept here is to test specific sub-avatars to figure out what direction we should go further in from an execution standpoint. Oh!... angle here, the selling strategy, how you're choosing to sell the product. Well, guess what? We're using multiple angles. Okay? Bada boom, there they are. Testing method. Which method are we using here? Come on, I'm gonna give you a couple of seconds. Come on, guess it. All right, there we go. We're going to marksman, right? 'Cause we've got three angles. Uh, specific format. You guys have all of the specific formats here, right? So it's gonna give you an idea of how you wanna bring it to life. But I know a lot of you guys are very visual, okay? And so what you can do is you can just very simply go into the winning doc here, and let's just see, like, would this template work for this brief that I have? Stop stressing. I mean, where's the headlines? We've got to go down to the messaging here. So we have variation three. Uh, we're actually gonna have a fourth variation, and again, this is static ads specifically, so we don't need to worry about, so we can just kind of delete the hold here. Um, but let's take a look at this. So we have our four variations. Let's copy these from the document, and let's just put them into, uh, our brief. And so here, again, we have our headlines. So variation one is: Stop needing discipline, stop lowering cortisol. Next one here is: Eating twelve hundred calories is easy. We're going to pop variation number three, which is like, This tells your stomach you're full, even at twelve hundred calories. And then the final one here is gonna be: Trick your stomach into thinking it's still full. Okay? And so now, again, these are all kind of going towards the main kind of approach here of curbing cravings. But at the end of the day, we could just go and take a look at, okay, what, what are some specific templates that this can work for? And this is the part where I think a lot of you guys prefer to go visual first, and so I'm gonna show you kind of how to go visual first with your sub-avatars. I just wanted to, like, do this method first, so it's, okay, we now basically focus on the execution. But you just really need to think about, like, what needs to be shown here. Like, stop, stop needing discipline, start lowering cortisol, uh, eating twelve hundred calories is easy, uh, this tells your stomach you're full even at twelve hundred calories, and trick your stoming- stomach into thinking it's full. Now, what you can do is, again, take a look at this template. Well, this template looks pretty good. Let's just go ahead and pull this up, 'cause it's, it's pretty simple, right? And for those of you that don't know, you need to file, you need to make a copy of this. Once you have a copy, now you should have the ability to edit this however you want. Okay? Now, we could also even do something as simple as this, right? That just says, like, boom, boom, boom, with, like, the main things that we wanna call out. Um, but let's just go ahead and grab this one, 'cause I think this one's the easiest. Okay, and so what we're gonna do here is we're gonna grab this, and we're gonna say, "Stop needing discipline, start lowering cortisol." And let's go into this specific, right? And now we can kind of adjust this the way that we want, but let's think about the photo that we need here. They just had, like, a product photo there, right? Well, again, I'm no fricking... I don't have-- I-- obviously, they have other images, but, like, even if you just have a basic product image, like, we could still find a way to make this look good. Like, this image right here can look good. So I'm assuming that we have this image. If you don't have this image, I mean, you can use this one, but I'm just gonna go into this client's Google Drive specifically to find this image, 'cause this fits perfect. It's off to the side, and boom, I can stack my text there. So something I just wanted to show you guys is, like, sometimes you just gotta figure things out on your own. And, like, I mean, you've got things like ChatGPT, where I didn't even know ChatGPT could do this, 'cause I was just too lazy to, like, go and, like, try to edit over this. I just wanted to drag and drop. So I was like: "Yo, Chat, can you pull the text off of this?" He's like: "Yeah, sure, no problem." [chuckles] Then it's done. All right, cool. Uh, I've got a million tabs open. Let's drop this in here, right? We need to put this in here. This looks, uh, this looks rough, but that's okay. So in case you guys weren't aware of, like, how to do stuff here, now, there is a background remover. I have this 'cause I'm on Canva Pro. I think Canva Pro is sixteen dollars a month. Uh, so, you know, you could do that. Um, but let's just go ahead, and let's just take a look at Zen's colors. It kind of has, like, this blue color, so to try to keep things on brand, we can kind of just use that, you know what I mean? Um, so I'm gonna go back. This kind of is like a lifestyle photo. I, I don't know how this is gonna look if I copy this color, but basically what you can do is there's an extension called Color Picker, and you can basically just use that to, like, snipe a color from your website. Uh, and you can go over here, and you can do, uh... Let's just pop this in. I don't know if that's gonna do it. Yeah, there we go. Look at that. Uh, it looks a little, little tough down there. Not, definitely not ideal. Uh, I don't know what that is. Might have to, like, clean that up a little bit, and I probably will. Like, I just know my graphic designer is just absolutely-- 'cause he might be watching this, but I just know he is, he is just loving watching me hopping to edit in Canva. I'm, I'm literally fully back in the trenches, you guys. Um, so anyways, here, here we go. Now we've got this laid out, and now trying to click multiple of these, but I think the secondary color that we have here, I don't know if we have one, actually. This one might look like... Here's this, this blue looks good. Let's use this blue. How about that? Again, use the colors from your website, guys. Be, have, follow your brand guidelines, although most of you probably don't have them. [chuckles] Um, I'm gonna pop this one in here. Bada boom! How does that look? Okay, okay, we're getting there. Um, I need to also figure out, like, what happened with this. I might need to, like, clean this up a little bit, 'cause that, that looks a little, you know, uh, yeah, it's, uh, it's a little ugly. All right, here, here's what we're gonna do, guys. We can just make this a white image instead. Uh-huh, look at that. Okay. Um, and now, ideally, we bring this over a little bit more, and so here, what we can do is we can actually cheat a little bit, and we can just make this white. I think it's white. I don't really know what's going on there. Should be good. We can pull this over a little bit more, just so you can see it, and then we have the stop needing discipline, start lowering cortisol. All right, now we've got it, okay? And so what I'm gonna do here is I'm just gonna copy this, okay? I'm gonna take a screenshot of this, and I'm gonna go into Claude. And this is where Claude was doing some stuff, and I don't wanna confuse you guys, but I'm just gonna say, "Hey, Claude, I need three bullet points for this headline specifically. Write them here, similar to how this ad has it. I have attached the inspo ad."... so you can see how it works. And so what are we gonna do, guys? We're gonna go back to the winning ad, and we are going to copy this, so they know what's up, and then they can refer the ad. Again, working hard, or working smart, not hard. Okay, my headline is: Stop 

Eating Discipline and Start Lowering Cortisol. Okay? I want you guys to do one very important thing here, while we wait for Claude, is to make sure that you have your research, okay? You need, need, need, need, need, need to have your research here. So based on the format style, they can have reduced stress eating triggers. Ooh, calms mood without drowsiness, um, lowers cortisol naturally, and breaks the stress eating cycle. Okay, very interesting. So the pattern that matches your inspo, pull up our, our banger ad. I've got so many tabs open here, right? Reduces stress eating triggers. We might have to, might have to pull this over even a little bit more, maybe even have to, like, shrink it down a little bit. Um, 

yeah, it's, it's get- it's getting a little, little ugly in here. This is where sometimes, guys, you gotta, you gotta let the ugly ads do their thing. You know what I mean? Ugly ads are just-- they're just gonna be ugly. Maybe you have to shrink this down just a little bit more. It's also pretty-- It's a pretty chunky headline, to be honest. Um, but there we go. That gives us a little bit more room. Uh, now we've got calms mood without drowsiness. Um, yeah, not sure if I'm the biggest fan of that. And the reason why I wanted to mention it, it's very important to have your research, 'cause let's take a look at this, right? This is obviously the headline, if we go back, for the stress eating cycle, right? So someone who's stressed. All right, "I eat so much junk food, I feel sick, and I feel regretful afterwards. I just have the urge to eat all day. It's like an empty pit. Um, I have to eat apples instead. Uh, food is my comforter. It's the only thing that calms me down." We can start adding some of the stuff in here, so reduce stress eating triggers. That's a big call-out right there. All right, finally, Claude figured it out. So what I did here is I like, for some reason, he just kept giving me two bullet points. I didn't want two bullet points. Oh, it's, it's 'cause I said I need two bullet points. Whoops. [chuckles] I meant to say I need four. Uh, so I basically said, I was like: "Claude, what are you doing, man?" I was like, "By the way, here's, again, all of that information." So this is where all of your guys' research comes in handy, right? So all my research that I had here, I just copied in. I was like: "Claude, give me this," and he kept giving me two. I was like: "Bro, I need four!" All right, so here we go. So improves stress response and sleep quality. Interesting, right? And so now what we can do is we can go in here, and you gotta be careful with the claims. Like, let's just say, "Improves stress response." Um, let's take a look at "Enhances emotional control, uh, without willpower." Eh, uh, be careful what you, what you guys are claiming, 'cause if you're claiming, like, it's a wonder drug again, you're gonna run into belief issues. Uh, provides natural calm. So let's just do this. Provides natural calm. I kind of like that one, and I think the other one here, what does he say? Is this, "Enhances performance and recovery." Uh, let's just see here what Claude wrote. "Enhances emotional control." Um, great. 

And what I would say is also, although it looks kind of uglier, I'm gonna write this lowercase, 'cause apparently it is easier to read. Um, so reduces stress eating triggers. Now, I'm not gonna lie, I'm, I'm really not the biggest fan. I've just realized, like, the glass is kind of showing here anyways. So what I might actually do here is I might actually revert back to what I did originally and actually just update all of this to be the blue color, 'cause I want this background to, to pop a little bit. You know what I mean? Um, and I think just a white background is, like, really boring. Um, and this, to me, like, look at the difference between that, guys. Like, obviously, this, this it, it looks a little bit weird, but it looks that way kind of altogether. And if your ad is a little bit ugly, that's, that's okay. We can-- It's okay to have ugly ads. Now, I'm probably gonna have my graphic designer remake these, but I just wanted to show you guys, like, how to make this ad, okay? And so I actually screwed up because I duplicated this, like, ten times when I didn't need to. Um, what I'm gonna do now is I'm gonna duplicate this 

three more times, okay? So now, what's our, what's our next headline? And again, by the way, guys, like, I know we have this brief here. This brief is really for you if you have a graphic designer, like, and your graphic designer is doing this, and you're not like me, struggling to do this. Um, [chuckles] you could then go into this next one here, which is eat twelve hundred calories, okay? And so let's go into this one. Eating twelve hundred calories is easy. Um, and then we could just add a potential second line here, and this is where we, you know, start to get a little bit crazy, and then we can just go down, and we can maybe not bold this, but we could just actually duplicate this. So let's do this. One that I wrote is in my document, which is why, again, you, you write stuff down. Um, with Zen Wellness, right? People are gonna be like: "What is Zen Wellness?" With Meta Glow. DiGlomera could work. I'm just gonna say Meta Glow, and I believe we actually could look even really smart here if we just copied this. Uh, 'cause DiGlomera has, like, this little R in it, and so I might just try to, like, position myself as an authority here, and I'm gonna use this little R, so with DiGlomera, and I can maybe add, like, a little dot, dot, dot. And then down here, I can say dot, dot, dot, with DiGlomera. And so it's like, eating twelve hundred calories is easy with DiGlomera. It's like: "Well, what's DiGlomera?" Well, we can now explain what this does, so let's go ahead and do the same thing. All right, Claude, we now need to do the same thing for this new headline. Okay, and we can pop that in there, and let's go grab our research. This one here, sub avatar, addicted to junk food. Uh, and the more quotes that you guys have here, the better Claude's gonna be. The more context you give it about who your customer is, the better it's gonna be. Think about the difference of how Claude is writing with this context versus, "Hey, Claude, write me this ad." Uh, reduces hunger and cravings without torture. Oof! Love it. Banger, banger, banger, banger. Um, without torture is kind of intense. Um, reduces cravings, uh, without torture. Um, 

pretty, pretty intense there. Uh, let's take a look at what else Claude cooked up. Improves natural fullness signals-... Love it. And again, we're going to jot these ends down, and I'm just gonna paste them all in here, then I can clean up later, so you guys don't have to watch this. Uh, enhances ability to say no to junk. I love that. Um, that's a good one, and then provides lasting satisfaction all day. Um, hmm, not sure if I'm a fan of that one. Um, let's take a peek here at what else we had from our doc, wherever it is. Uh, we've got, you know, benefits of green tea, curbing appetite. I eat enough. Low calories beginning, mm, hunger and cravings feel like torture, eating 1,200 calories. I eat enough not to feel hungry. I'm just looking, uh, start tricking them instead. Uh, tells your stomach it's full. Tells your stomach to stay full, that could be a good one. Um, provides natural 

fullness? Nah, I'm gonna say tells your stomach it's full. Reduces cravings without torture. Improves natural, um, stomach signals, yeah. Enhances ability to say no to junk, and if you can't think of a fourth one, that's fine, just delete it. What- whatever, this is fine with me. To say no to junk. Very, very simple. Now, we could use some stats here, right? Like, if you look at Diaglomerin, um, it's like sixty-eight percent something to increase, I think. Uh, there's something in our product doc here. I should probably know that, but let's go to our product doc. What does this say? Um, this collagen works through triple-action Diaglomerin glycine, naturally GP1 production by sixty-eight percent. Pretty sick claim. Reduces cravings without torture, so we could start with that, right? So I'm gonna have to go back on my word here. I'm bringing back the fourth one after I just capitalize all that. So I might bring this down. I'm gonna pop this in here: increases natural GP1 production by sixty-eight percent. That's a bold-ass claim. It's a fire claim. 

I'd just say 

by sixty-eight percent or I got-- I probably have to say production. Um, but improves natural fullness, um, enhances ability to say no to junk, 'cause now we're leading with a fact, right? 

And then I think the other one down here was like, reduces cravings without the torture. Let's just see what else we can do. Enhances ability to say no to junk, and then the final one down here is reduces cravings, we'll say no to torture. Might have to slide this over just a bit more. I might or maybe... I mean, this is all aligned. It looks pretty, but there we go. Eating 1,200 calories is easy with Diaglomerin. Uh, increases natural GP1 by sixty-eight percent, improves natural fullness signals, reduces cravings without torture, enhances ability to say no to junk. Um, pretty interesting ad. All right, let's go to the next one here. We're almost done here, guys. I think you guys get the point, so I maybe I don't even need to do the rest, but we would be doing this for the rest of them. So hopefully, you guys can see how I've done it. And in case you need the final step, what do we do here? Well, we go here, [chuckles] and we go download, and we need to make sure we download just this one. We don't-- don't download all pages, just download page four. All right, boom! We've got this. We've got our download here, and we made our first ad. We need to celebrate, guys. Like this, this is a big moment. Let me pull this up. Come on, now. Look how beautiful that is. "Eating twelve hundred calories is easy with Diaglomerin." Come on, now. Um, we're testing it. I don't care if it's an S batch, we're doing it. Um, but I wanted to make this video just to, like, show you guys raw on the fly... Like, th- this took me about an hour and a half to make, but again, you guys have to understand, like, I don't do graphic design, [chuckles] and a lot of you guys don't either, and if it takes you time in the beginning, that's okay. Like, is this ad hideous? Yes, it's hideous, but guess what? The information in it is damn good. It's good info, all right? And we're gonna test this. We're gonna see what happens, but I just want you guys to know that when you go through this level of depth, and you can just have really good ads, just with images right away to get a direction. So that is how you-- we put everything together, shows you guys how to make the ad from scratch. Obviously, a lot of ins and outs, troubleshooting with Claude, asking GPT to do all this kind of stuff, all that, but I don't think there's anybody here that can't make the ad that I just made. You have literally have zero excuse [chuckles], okay? If you don't have a photo of the powder pouring into the cup, then just put the, put the product image there, right? Everything that I just did, literally anybody with a brain should be able to do, okay? So hopefully, that makes sense for the image ads. There's gonna be, obviously, another video coming around, uh, video ads. That's a little bit more complex because for those of you that don't have a video editor or don't have a video, uh, video editing skill set, we're gonna get into that, of like, what you can do to solve that problem, uh, because I'm not that guy. I don't edit videos. [chuckles] I have in the past, but I just don't do it anymore, and I'm not gonna watch you guys or let you guys watch me struggle to edit video ads 'cause we have video editors that do that. And originally, I hired a video editor. Even when I didn't really have a lot of money, I was like: "I need a video editor 'cause I don't know what I'm doing," so I hired one. Um, you have to pay them per concept, whatever it is, we'll get to that. Um, but I wanted to make this video just to show you how to create the image ads all the way to the end, scriptwriting, all that kind of stuff, and as you can see, again, the scriptwriting wasn't even that intense. We just took some inspo, we filled it in, and boom, there we go. So that is how you can create image ads.