... All right, guys, so in part two of this video, we are going to basically review the ads that I made in part one. I'm also, and not- we haven't tested them yet. I'm just going to help you understand the final versions that I made, 'cause you probably saw them down below. And I'm also gonna show you another strategy, which is an image or inspiration for a strategy, which I think a lot of you guys are going to like, because it's going to take a lot of the thought process out of it, and it's just going to let AI kind of do the work for you. Um, but this is where your sub-avatar research is so important. And so jumping on the screen here, what I wanted to show you guys is that in preparation for this, 'cause I'm doing another marksman test, uh, I've just been building some sub-avatars here. And what I wanted to call out is I started with a very generic like, "Hey, how to deal with food cravings on a diet," right? This is the core desire. And I'm starting to find a few different people here, right? We have the dieter, okay? We have the water drinker, and we have the bored eater. Okay? And so what I would recommend that you guys do to then go deeper on these sub-avatars is just try to start googling this stuff, right? And so over here, I would say, "I'm on a diet and can't control cravings." Okay, this is one thing that we can get into. So Reddit, "Can't control cravings," is what we're trying to find. And now the next thing that we're going to do here is we're also going to do another Google search. And so the water drinker. So I wanna be in control of my appetite, uh, I'm drinking lots of water, and it's not helping my cravings. Reddit. Okay? And again, we don't have to go to Reddit. There are a lot of different things. Just drinking water, look at that. That's sixty-plus comments four months ago. Love this stuff, guys. Like, this stuff is so exciting to me. Uh, the bored eater, let's go ahead and do another Google search here. So eat when I'm bored and get cravings when I'm bored. Reddit. Okay? And as you see, boredom eating is a serious problem. That was six years ago. How do I stop eating because I'm bored? Um, how to stop eating out of boredom. Lots of good stuff. Six hundred and twenty-plus comments here, right? Getting more sleep at night will reduce your cravings for snacks. Awesome. Okay, and so now, as you can see, like, I've just kind of found these sub-avatars by going through this. And, you know, could the water drinker be the same as the dieter? Is there some overlaps? For sure. But you guys will notice here, like, I just have behaviors here. But now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go try to see if there's potentially some demographics, some emotions, some experiences that these people go through. Um, you know, and behaviors, they're drinking lots of water. Uh, behavior, always eats when they are bored. Um, and so at the end of the day, now I'm just gonna go deeper. Again, I'm looking for more of these quotes, 'cause these quotes are what's going to really give us the ammunition that we need to write really great ads, uh, especially for this method. So, uh, I'm gonna finish wrapping up the sub-avatars, and then we're gonna get into how to, you know, use the, uh, visual-first method and a really, really cool tool that I'm excited to show you guys. And so we are back, and, uh, obviously, it was a second for you, but I just wanted to show you that, you know, I was going in here and just being able to double down when you identify a sub-avatar, and again, even when you're identifying sub-avatars as well. So, for example, I was on a water drinking thread here, and I saw people saying, like, intermittent fasting really, really helps. Um, and so now I just made another sub-avatar down here. Now, I'm not gonna get into that because I have three that I'm happy with. Um, and so here I found the bored eater again, and I got some really, really good quotes here. Uh, this one's pretty funny: "I'm a slut for crunch." [chuckles] And here again, the headline idea is chewing gum to stop cravings, try coffee instead. Uh, eating because your mouth is bored. Got some really good things here. Um, and then another quotes here, I got some really good ones from chugging water. Um, have some headline ideas or don't have any headline ideas yet. And then I got some really, really, really good ones here from the dieter. So people who want to be in control of their cravings, there's just this, this person that went on a rant, and it was, it was so good because this person said, like: "I don't have any advice, but I just wanted to say that I feel the same way." [chuckles] And it was just this girl just going in and saying, "I can't stop thinking about food." And so really, really good, um, you know, Reddit thread here, where, again, I can't think of anything but food. Uh, I continually, uh, restrict yourself. Again, emotions here. We got a couple extra emotions in here now. So, uh, frustrated that they have to be mindful of what they eat. Uh, emotion, it gets angry when they can't eat more. Um, so really, really good stuff there. And then down here, you'll notice that I started, like, writing a little bit of a mini script, and then I actually started doing some research on things as well. And so again, this is where, like, you guys can kind of start writing scripts, and we're not writing a video script today. Um, but, like, if you guys are feeling the flow and you have ideas, just start writing, because that's something that I feel like you guys restrict yourself from doing, and you feel like you have to do research, and then you have to write. It's like, just, like, do it in motion. Like, when you're doing research, and you guys are gonna see, like, when we get to the writing stage, we're gonna be using our research, and sometimes you have to do more research to continue to write the script, and so just kind of go with it, right? And so, for example, here, I saw this one person just say that calorie def-- right here in the title, like, calorie deficits suck, right? And so here I'm like, okay, calorie deficits suck. That's a really, really great, like, hook. At least I feel like it is a good hook because everyone's gonna be like: "God, that's relatable." Uh, and, and then I explain it, and they suck because when your body enters a calorie deficit, it doesn't know it needs to produce more GLP-1. And now, so this, I'm kind of getting into like: "Oh, this is what's happening to me." And now I'm educating them on why it, it sucks. Because, again, like, four hundred people were like: "I don't get it." Like: "I'm so over it." Like, you know, "It's so hard. It's draining," right? That's how people are feeling. And so now I'm, like, helping. Okay, like, this is an opportunity for me to educate them. Well, calorie deficits suck, and they suck because when your body enters a calorie deficit... And I can clean this up, guys. Like, we're gonna make this script way better, but my point is, is I'm probably gonna do a sniper ad for this angle right here 'cause I really like it, and it's obviously a, a decently broad avatar, right? Again, someone who is, uh, wants to control their cravings, is eating fewer calories, and is frustrated and angry. This is kind of like everybody who's kind of on a diet. Um, but at the end of the day, you know, I could probably go a little bit deeper, but again, I'm tying this back to a mechanism around GLP-1, and so it's kind of introducing a bit of a new mechanism here. Um, but again, so you eat less, but your body is expecting more. And the truth is, and this is just a, a line that I'm like, "Meh, I'll probably fix this," but it's like, uh, it's not your fault. Uh, if you eat more than the average person, your body likely produces, uh, less GLP-1. I didn't really like this, but basically, uh, this is, this is pretty garbage. I'm not gonna lie. So don't take input from this. But it's like, so you eat less, but your body is expecting more. I wanted to transition into this because I was doing some research after, and I was like: "Hey, like, if you eat a lot, does that mean that your body potentially produces less GLP-1?" It says yes. Okay, again, AI overview. Should probably do some more research, but again, I'm, I'm just kind of looking at this from a high level. It says, yes, if you eat a lot, it can mean your body potentially produces less GLP-1, especially in response to carbohydrates, as the body becomes less sensitive to the signal, right? This is really interesting information that now I can start to use for my script. And so it's like, again, so you can eat less, but your body is expecting more. And it's not your fault, because you've obviously had a problem with eating before, right? And so now we can try to, like, re-optimize the script. But you guys can see, like, I was in research mode, and now I'm in writing mode, but it's like they flow together. So, like, don't restrict yourself. Like, even if you just start writing in this doc, great! You might get seventy percent of a script done without even using AI, just using research and, like, general knowledge, right? And so it's not even your fault, um, because-... you eat more, your body, you know, naturally produces less GLP-１. GLP-１ is the, um, the, uh, hormone that tells your brain, "I'm good, dude." [chuckles] Uh, hormone, uh, I, I think it's in your stomach. I'll have to validate all this stuff, but it tells your brain, "I'm good." Um, but, you know, a lot of, um... And then this is where I would wanna tie back into, like, synthetic. Uh, GLP-１ solutions have no, you know, known side effects 

yet around what act- what they actually do. Okay? And then now we can transition to, and, you know, maybe we start talking about, like, here I'm just gonna be, like, natural, 'cause I wanna get to the actual, uh, image ads, not video ads, but... And natural alternatives, um, don't actually have any data or, like, scientific proof that they increase GLP-１, 

and so you feel stuck, whatever it is, or you feel angry. You feel even more angry, again, using the emotions here. 

So you feel even angrier, and you turn to food. You know, and then I'm just gonna make this a joke: "But what if there was a better way?" [chuckles] Right? And now we can get into blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, about Meta Glow, and we can transition. I'm gonna show you guys how to write better with market awareness levels and that kind of stuff. But look at that. I basically got the video, uh, scriptwriting module that I'm gonna get into. I'm gonna basically-- Like, I've got most of that done now, so I'm getting... Spencer's getting ahead. But my point is, is, like, we're supposed to be talking about images here, but I just wanna show you, like, don't be scared to, like, go into flow. If you feel good about it, go into flow. And technically, if it was me, like, if I was feeling really good about this concept, I might just go sniper on this dieter sub avatar. I really like it. Now, again, this is the dieter that wants to control cravings, right? So they're dieting, but they're having a problem with cravings. Um, and there's a lot of other information here that we can get into, but here I'm just kind of tying this back again to, like, the main mechanism, right? And I'm saying most GLP-1 things don't-- or most, most supplements don't actually boost GLP-1, they just say they do, but Diaglomera, and then I'll get into our mechanism of how it actually does it, right? Uh, so anyways, um, let's go back to images. So what do we do if we want to just make images for...? Like, let's just say, for example, we have all these headlines here. We're gonna do another marksman's test, right? So we would go into, you know, Spencer's Growth Guide over here, and we would add another idea. So let me just pull this one up. And so this is gonna be batch number two, Spencer, and we're gonna do another sub avatar test, and I'm just calling it Sub Avatar Test. Or actually, you know what? We're, we're-- This is gonna be a sub avatar test, but what we're actually gonna do is we're gonna find a basically a creative, I don' out wanna say format, but a creative style. So a creative style is like when things are put in, like us versus them is a creative style. I wouldn't call that a format. I would call that more of a style. Um, but basically, we're gonna go and look through some of this stuff, right? And so let's go ahead and jump over to that. And let's say, you know, we're looking at some of these specific ads here, right? And let's just maybe, maybe we like the twelve-hour shoe one. Maybe we like this one because this could actually be good for, like, an ingredient standpoint as well. Um, or we could do, like, a puberty style ad. Maybe not. Us versus them, I'm not sure if I'm a big fan of. Let's maybe do this one. Let's, let's just open up this template, right? So what we can do is we can take this, this screenshot of this image, okay? And so when you screenshot this, and because you guys own your own sheet here, you can potentially just move this out of the way. But let's just say we're gonna go and screenshot this, okay? And this is the image-first method, because... All right, I've done all this research on these three sub avatars. I have three kind of main sub avatars here that I wanna go after. Uh, the big one here is the dieter. I wrote a script for it accidentally. The next one here is the water drinker, and then I have the bored eater. Okay? And I'm not really sure, like, what format to use. I don't really know, but what I'm gonna do is I'm just going to pick this one because I like it. Now, what I'm gonna show you guys is cool, is you're like: "Well, Spencer, I only have thirteen ads here. I don't have a lot to pick from. I'm gonna run out." Well, that's why we have this tool. This is called Creative OS, and this is a tool that's been around for a while. And it used to be in Figma templates, and now they have their own software, and he's moved into it because it's like, this tool is sick, guys. Like, if you don't have a graph designer and you aren't good at graph design, like, let me show you how crazy this is, okay? This is basically like Spencer's swipe file but on steroids, right? So if for whatever reason, I like this one, I can literally click into this, click Customize Template, and guess what? This literally turns into a Canva doc for me to edit. [chuckles] I could edit all of this, which is insane, right? Like, this is basically Canva and Foreplay all in one, okay? And you're gonna be able to keep track of all your kinds of different designs here, okay? Uh, everything that you upload, text, they even have stock images in here as well. If you need stock images, you're like, "Hey, let's put a mountain here," or something like that, you can. Um, they have shapes, icons. It's, it's basically like, um, Canva, okay? Uh, but what's really cool about this, again, if we just go back to go creative OS, you can basically search for whatever you want. But what I like to do is I just kinda like scrolling through here. You can search for your niche if you want. I would hon- honestly search for, I would say, people that are-... not in your direct industry? Because I just, I'm not really a big fan of, like, copying exactly what people are doing in my indus- industry. I like to do things a little bit different. But look at this. This is a really interesting one here, right? So this is double chin. [chuckles] Double chin finally gone. We've got double chin here. Uh, that was probably rage bait there by Happy Mammoth. They're geniuses. But look at this. You can also go into brands, okay? There's a bunch of different brands here. Let's see if, if maybe Grunze is in here. I don't-- I'm gonna have to, uh, maybe use the special you. Yeah, there they are. Look at that, there's Grunze. Here's all their ads. There's emails, uh, there's landers in here as well, but let's take a look at some of their ads. "Better poop in just five days" pretty funny. Uh, "Best-selling kids' gummies," um, "I've only been taking them for a week," a lot of review stuff, uh, "Normal poops for the first time in years." Uh, you can see a lot of their creative styles, okay? Ozempic's new bestie. Got it. And you guys can basically use this instead of Atria to find ads. But what I'm gonna show you in the actual video here of how to create the ad is how you can take screenshots of these specific ads, and you can actually give them to Claude. So let me go ahead and pull up a few different things here, so I can show you how to do that. And then I'm also going to talk about pricing on Creative OS, so you guys know. All right, so the actual pricing for this, I believe it adds up to, if you want, like, the unlimited one, it's ninety-nine dollars a month. There's this Ignite one, which is forty-nine dollars a month. So this is unlimited brand library, unlimited ad templates. Um, I believe this allows you to create a certain amount of collections. This has ten thousand, uh, static ad templates, three collections, creative toolkit. Um, I would just say, like, so you guys understand, for, like, forty-nine dollars or even ninety-nine dollars a month, which is the one that I'm on, um, and it looks like this one, you could also just do one payment, and you have it forever, which is kinda cool if you guys wanna do it that way. Um, but for ninety-nine dollars a month, basically, you guys just get to do everything. Um, I'll have to confirm. I might actually have, uh, Chase maybe come in to, uh, chat with you guys about this. But yeah, go through, and if you need to do any more research on them, you can. Uh, these guys are like... I, I mean, when they showed me this tool, I'm like: Oh, wow, this is literally perfect for everybody that does not have a graphic design team. Because guess what? A lot of you guys are not gonna be able to visually bring these ideas to life, okay? And so what you're going to do is very simple. You're gonna grow- you're gonna go through, and you're basically going to scroll until you find some creative templates that you like. Like, this is basically like the ad that we just made, but we can potentially scroll down and see if there's some other statics that we'd like. Here's, like, a, a text-written one, uh, bamboo socks flush out leg. That's kind of an interesting one. But I'm basically just gonna scroll through and try to find one that I like. Uh, MB1 supports GLP-1 naturally. So here's, like, some people... So again, this is actually really good competitor research as well, just to kind of see what people in your industry are, are using, right? So look at this. I mean, people are just using, again, product images with strong headlines, right? That's what it is. Here's, like, a Post-It one. This one's kinda cool. I kind of like this one. You could potentially get one done through, uh, a different tool as well, like, if you wanted to, like, take this. I'll show you guys how to do that at, at some point. I think that's gonna be more for Evolve AI program. But, uh, let me scroll through here. Let me just find one, and then we can get to the point of how to do this. All right, cool. So here's one that I found that I like. And so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna download this, okay? And then I'm gonna go into my chat here, and I basically just ask Claude. I was like: "Hey, Claude, remember my product info," okay? And what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna say: Hey, Claude, based on this ad, I need three headlines, plus checkmark points for each one of my sub-avatars. I am going to attach them below, and I want you to leverage how this headline and bullet points-- headline, subheading, 

and bullet points 

are written, and then take that to rewrite it for my three sub-avatars. Please provide me with three headlines for each sub-avatar, but only one list of bullet points for the check marks. And now, again, you guys are just gonna do this for whatever ad that you see. So, for example, if you see this one here, there's no check marks, right? There's just a headline, subheading, right? Uh, if you see this one here, obviously, it's just a photo of a guy, and then it's got, like, the branding there, whatever it is, okay? And so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna make sure that I don't lose this one. So I'm gonna go... Oh, I've got to request the template. Look at that, I got cooked. Let's go ahead and go into our research here, and I'm going to copy these sub-avatars. 

And there's the dieter. Is there anybody else? No, that's it. So we've got dieter, we've got water drinker, and we've got the bored eater. Okay? We're gonna go in here, and we're gonna paste this. It's probably gonna show the doc, and then just say, "You can also 

go into the Reddit links if needed for more context, but the quotes I pulled 

are the real ones that stood out to me and should be integrated in the copy. Please make sure that you write 

everything 

as if it were at a fifth-grade reading level using the Hemingway App." Okay, so there we go. I'm gonna go ahead and let this do its thing, and then I'm actually gonna find another template, so I can show you guys how to do that for other templates as well. And just to clarify, guys, I was in the inspiration section rather than the templates section, so it's [chuckles] probably pretty important for you guys to make sure that you're in the templates section and not the inspiration section, but we're gonna get to that. All right, awesome. And so as you can see, although I can't use this now, um, basically, this wrote out some headlines. So here we go. We have "Three hormones, one coffee," "Stop counting calories, start controlling hung- hunger," uh, "Twelve hundred calories feels like enough." And now, although I got suggested this, this is probably not a headline that I'm gonna use because, as again, I mentioned, we're gonna review, uh, the ads that I made before. But it's like I already- I'm already testing a headline like this. Now, I actually do like the way that this is said, way better, uh, than what I wrote before. Uh, but, you know, I wouldn't test this because I'm already testing something just like it, right? Um, but I kind of like the "Stop counting calories, start controlling hunger." That's pretty good. "Three hormones, one coffee." You just need to understand that also Claude isn't really, like, you know, it's, it's not referencing this perfectly. Uh, "Water works for twenty minutes, this works for six hours." Uh, okay, we're getting somewhere. Now, what I'm gonna do is I just found a new creative. Tool is actually a really good, um, or it's, like, a really good person to look at for someone who-... basically goes after people that struggle with cravings. Uh, but this one here, I actually found really interesting. So I'm actually gonna copy this one. I'm gonna say, "Hey, Claude, um, we need to now do the same thing for this ad here, but I want you to try to write it exactly like the ad itself, just plugged in with our specific product and customer research." So the exact headline, "Kids constantly being rude," we could write something like... And this is where you guys might have to, like, guide Claude a little bit too, right? So let me think so you guys don't have to watch me struggle, 'cause I'm gonna try to put one together as an example. All right, we're actually gonna give Claude a shot because I just couldn't think of anything at the time, and that's fine, guys. Like, if you feel like, "Gosh, I have no idea what to write," just see what Claude writes first, and then we can potentially come back and tell, tell him, tell her, I don't know what Claude is, tell it to, uh, [chuckles] to basically, you know, optimise based on the ones that you like. So sub-avatar, the dieter. So headline, "Can't stop thinking about food? Three hormone imbalances are linked to constant cravings: low GLP-1, high cortisol, poor sugar metabolism. Flash sale today only, code, uh, three hormone imbalances." I really like this, actually. Sub-avatar, the water drinker, uh, "Constantly chugging water? Three hormone imbalances are linked to fake fullness: low GLP-1, fasting, stomach emptying, and high cortisol." Uh, the bored eater, "Eating constantly when bored?" Like this one as well. So these are, these are pretty good, right? Now, I'm probably gonna have it write three more for each one. Um, definitely a fan of these headlines, Claude. How can we implement even more of the research that I granted you from or for those three avatars? And in doing so, write three more headlines plus subheadings for each sub-avatar, and let's see what we can come up with. I personally like, and this is the point that I was gonna tr- try to get to you guys, um, I personally like constantly chugging water, 

as that is very specific to the avatar. Let's see if we can apply that to the other ones. 

And so we could see what we could do here. I actually don't want to confuse Claude, 'cause I don't want him to say, like, "Are you bored?" Like, I don't want it to be dumb. Uh, sometimes you can tell Claude... And just so you guys know, like, when you use Claude a lot, you start to get better at it. And I want you to see here that I haven't given you guys a template here, and as much as I could give you a template, I want to show you with my AI modules and, like, with me using AI, how to actually, like, talk to the AI. Because even if I just give you a template, you need to understand what's going on, and you need to talk to it, right? So hopefully, by me showing you, like, how I'm talking to the AI, it gives you an idea of how you can talk to the AI, right? And when I say I personally like constantly chugging water, I'm telling the AI, I'm giving it feedback that I like this one, right? So let's just see what it can do now. And again, we just wanna have some options. I think we have more than enough for what we need to get going on this, um, but here we go. So here's the creative OS ad, right? And this, it makes it a little bit easier as well. And so here, look at that. It's already got, like, the product kind of here. It's just, like, loading the template. I think here we might just be able to change out the image or something like that. Well, we're gonna get into that, but let's jump back, jump back into, uh, our headlines here and see what Claude comes up with. All right, now we're starting to cook. All right, the dieter. "So food has just become numbers?" You know, I even like we could just add in front, "Has food just become numbers?" Subheading, "Three hormone imbalances are linked to obsessive calorie counting." Uh, "Can't control yourself around certain foods? Three hormone imbalances..." Like, this one's kind of broad, and so, like, this is the thing that I want you guys to understand as well, guys. Like, we wanna try to be specific, and we wanna go after things that we feel are kind of specific. So I love this one because it's like, "Has food just become numbers," right? That's- that to me is... I, I really, really like that one, okay? Uh, can't control yourself around certain foods is like, anybody could say that, right? That's obvious. Like, what are the things that are obvious to most people? It's like, well, if you struggle to, you know, lose weight or, you know, control your cravings, you probably can't control yourself around food. It's like, duh, but it's like, "Has food just become numbers?" Like, that's, that's gonna hit. "Motivation only lasts a week." Again, kind of generic, kind of broad, and this is feedback that we can give back to Claude as well. Okay, so, hey, Claude, uh, for the, uh, dieter sub-avatar, I really liked the, "Food has just become numbers," and I would probably say it as, "Has food just become numbers?" Okay? Because of how specific it is and how it shows that I have a clear, and again, this is the whole point, understanding of this person's 

specific problems, and I can even say avatar, and that I know the internal conversation, which is a really good, like, example to give Claude, that they are having in their head. And so 

I want you to now, uh, optimize more headlines like that for all three avatars once more. This time, you can just do two each. And now I haven't finished the rest of it, but I'm gonna go see what else Claude has cooked up. So that's obviously for, uh, the dieter, right? Sub-avatar, the water drinker. "Chugging water every time you're hungry?" It's pretty specific, right? "Cold water only work for twenty minutes. Drinking water instead of eating." I actually like this. Like, this is good because, again, it, it, it's somewhat specific. It's like, what is the behavior that they're doing, right? If we look at this, it's like, can't control yourself around food. Like, is there a behavior there? Yeah, like, they can't control themselves around food, but it's like it's generic, where it's like, what are they actually doing, right? I might just say chugging, and this is where it's like, use your-- be a marketer, right? Don't be an AI regurgitator. [chuckles] So chugging water instead of eating. Here's another one, right? Let's do another one. As for the... Let's get into the water drinker. I combined these two terms, or these two headlines, into one. So I'm gonna say, "Chugging water instead of eating?"... because I like how visual and kind of more powerful the word chugging is instead of drinking, and how it's slightly more aggressive. People can really visualize it. Okay, and then down here, we have the bored eater. So your mouth, uh-- is your mouth constantly bored? Uh, constantly chewing gum to avoid eating. Can't stop wanting to crunch something. I kind of like the gum one here as well. I just like the chewing gum. I think that's cool. It's an interesting behavior, right? Um, constantly chewing gum to avoid eating, and then I would say, um, I also-- and then for the, uh, bored eater, that's what we got. Yep, the bored eater. I really like the headline, chu- constantly chewing gum to avoid eating. Um, I like how, again, it's calling out a specific behavior, and then now we're gonna get to the point where it says, uh, "What makes these stronger? Direct quotes, behavior-specific, emotion-driven." Great. Uh, so let's just see what Claude cooks up. We'll do this one more time. You guys, again, like, this is how you interact with AI. This is how you get to that point where you're like: "Ooh, yeah, that's the one that I like." You know? You don't just want to be, uh, sending this, okay? Um, and so over here... Or, or basically sending, what I mean is, like, first thing Claude gives you, you put it in. Like, think about it. Uh, so what I did is I found an image over here, and what's really cool is, guess what? This thing has a background remover, so boop, you bop this in here. It's gonna load the image, and it's got a background remover as well. You can flip, you can edit, you can remove shit, whatever it is. I don't know if this is gonna remove the hand. I don't think-- I thi- I don't think it will. Yeah, look at that. Boom! Now we've got that little guy in there if we want, but I like the scoop here instead. So again, look at this. We can change all this. Boom, boom, boom, boom, right there, right? And again, we can download this. We can also duplicate this as well. Uh, so I'm gonna go through and see what Claude cooked up for us. So eating toddler-sized portions but still gaining weight. Yeah, I li- I like that. I like that. Toddler-sized portions. [chuckles] Um, I really-- I actually really like how specific that is. That was a line that I put in there. Um, I don't know how it's gonna fit, so eating toddler-sized portions, I kind of like this. I'm not really sure how that'll fit. I don't really like how it looks, and so that's one of those things, guys, like, until you see how the headline looks in the actual ad, sometimes you gotta, like... You know, 'cause like, for me, what I, what I would prefer to see is, like, toddler-sized all in one. And also, quick note here, you guys should definitely update the date here, [chuckles] at twelve, twenty twenty-five, not twenty twenty-three. Uh, that's maybe a sign that this ad, uh, is, uh, is a little old, little old school, but we're doing something different, right? I just wanted-- this is just an ad that I liked. Uh, eating toddler-sized... Like, you see how I like toddler-sized on one line better? Um, I could potentially make this work. You see, like, getting a little graphic design in here. Dun, dun, dun. Little bottom corner. There we go. That works. Eating toddler-sized portions, kinda cool. All right, what else we got here? Uh, let me just... Well, I kinda wanna fill in the rest of this. So this says, "Three hormone imbalances are linked to failed restriction." Let's just see. Three hormone imbalances are linked to failed restriction. We could also potentially have this write something more to kinda carry the point. So again, we could come back to this and say: "Hey, Claude, here's the final version, but I need to kind of, like, figure it out a little bit better." Um, I could also ask for the three points as well. Uh, can't stop thinking about food all day, um, drinking a glass of water every time you're hungry, trying hot water to kill your appetite, eating carrots just for the crunch, uh, cutting your food into tiny pieces to eat less. Kinda specific, but honestly, I liked the other ones better. So I'm gonna go back to the ones that we had up here, and again, you can keep going as much, but just understand, it's gonna get to a point where it's an opportunity cost, where it's like, you kinda just gotta make the ad. Um, and so here, I think I told Claude that I like chugging water instead of eating. Um, so I can duplicate this one here. Ba-da-boom. Chugging water instead of eating. That looks great, and the other one that I had here was constantly chewing gum to avoid eating. I'm not sure what's... Eating carrots just for the crunch. I don't really like how we don't mention anything bored here, so I might say: "Hey, Claude, so I'm good on the sub-avatar one and two, but for sub-avatar number three, the bored eater, I feel like we're not really calling out anything to do with boring. So can we try two to three more headlines and subheadings that are going to really tap into something to do with people eating while they're bored? Because that is the main issue." And again, hack, use the voice-to-text. I know you guys can hear me, but voice-to-text is look how much faster that was than me trying to type it. Um, I can just speak out loud to you guys. Um, and I'm gonna, uh, duplicate one more here, and then we should probably take a look at, uh, the actual little bullet points here, and then we can move on. Um, eating, eating even when you're not actually hungry, eating just because there's nothing else to do. Like that. Can't tell if you're bored or hungry. I like this because I feel like that is, it, it, it's relatable, right? And again, you gotta kinda go with feel at times. Uh, eating because there's nothing else to do. Is that gonna fit? Uh, it's not as snappy as I would like. Can't tell if you're bored or actually hungry. It's not really specific, right? Eating because there's nothing else to do. I'm trying to see if there's anything else here, trying to kill your appetite. I think there was one that I upped here. Constantly chewing gum to avoid eating. Um, even though it doesn't really call out a bored avatar specifically, 

I still kind of like this as a mechanism. Yeah, I might just, like, move this down a little bit, right? Let's just-- let's maybe get a little crazy. Let's just, like, shrink this down a little bit. You see what I'm saying? Eating because there's nothing else to do, chugging water instead of eating, uh, eating toddler-sized portions. Great, there we go. We've got it. Uh, so now what we can do is we can snap this in here, and what we can do is just say... Okay, Claude. "Hey, Claude, I now need these three, uh, bullet points 

for this or for these three, um, different sub-avatars." And we can just pop these in here, and I could also say, "Please include the emojis as well." And we can just screenshot these, so chugging instead of water.... Beautiful! And again, Claude can read images, guys, which is why it makes this so much nicer. But you guys can see here, like, this was visual first, right? Um, oh, it doesn't look like it got my, my third one. Let's just see what Claude does. I don't know what I did there, but I'm just gonna go ahead and click retry, and I'll resume when we are ready. All right, guys, so I'm just resuming. Again, I've just kind of been chatting with Claude. This was all voice text. I'm basically just telling Claude, like, "Hey, now I'm at the point where I'm starting to see this ad come together, and I don't just wanna say things for the sake of saying things," because, again, Claude is not as smart as you. [chuckles] Okay, it's very smart, um, and it, it, it can cover a lot of areas, but again, it might just be saying the three hormone imbalances because we told it to copy the exact ad, right? But we also want it to, again, create a congruent ad, and so you need to catch yourself when you're just copy-pasting and not being a marketer, right? So eating because there's nothing else to do, right? Or for example, chugging water instead of eating. Three hormone imbalances are linked to temporary fullness. Here, we're saying low GLP-1, and then fast stomach em- emptying and broken satiate or sat... I can never say that word, satiety signals, whatever it is. Like, these aren't hormones. GLP-1 is a hormone, but these aren't. And so if we go back to this, look at this. It says, "Three nutrient deficiencies are linked to behavior issues: vitamin D, vitamin B1, and folate," right? 

And so here, this makes sense, but here, this doesn't really make sense. Three hormone imbalances: cortisol... I believe cortisol is a hormone, right? This is so bad. Is cortisol a hormone? 

It is. Well, there we go. We got, we got one of those, right? Poor metabolism. Metabolism is not a hormone. [chuckles] And so we need to correct Claude when it's wrong. Um, so we could say, uh, uh, "GLP-1 is a hormone, 

um, cortisol 

is a hormone, but the others aren't. And important here, Claude, I need to make sure that you do not call out hormones 

that our product does not support. So make sure you review the product document as well." Okay, so there we go. Now we're gonna let Claude cook, and we're gonna hopefully have our final masterpiece here. All right, guys, so after some proper investigating, I'm actually getting into now the headlines and the subheadings that I'm actually happy with, uh, which is going to be talking about the two hormones and one enzyme behind failed restrictions. Uh, and so here, it's not really ideally what I wanted, um, but my point is, is here, you'll notice that this is based on the product because we are not scamming people. [chuckles] We are actually trying to help people, okay? So don't just do things because you're like, "Oh, well, this, this could make me money" because guess what? If you do that, people will realize it won't make them money, and I'm getting absolutely dominated here. I am so sorry that you guys had to watch that. Uh, and the point is, is here. So I found, like, low GLP-1, high cortisol, and high DD or DPP4. Uh, so this is really interesting, right? Uh, and so here we can kind of explain, and this has, like, a flash sale, but I might just say, um, Meta Glow helps support all of them or something like that. Uh, one scoop, one scoop supports all three. This one scoop supports all three of them, and again, I'm writing in lowercase, uh, because I think I like that. And again, I am going to go to, uh, Zend Wellness here. Uh, here's my rant that I really liked, zendwellness.com, and I'm gonna use my color picker, which you guys should already have. And then I promise, guys, we're going to review the ads, and then we will be done. But here, I'm just gonna change this color to the color for the brand. Okay, let me, uh, change the color here to the color that I want. Beautiful! This one scoop supports all three. I think that's pretty good. Yeah, I might put this on a, on a second line. This one scoop supports all three. Just makes it simple, right? Two hormones and one enzyme behind failed restriction: low GLP-1, high cortisol, and high DP4. This one s- uh, scoop supports all three. Boom! I actually love the way that this came out, and again, this is just gonna take time, guys. So I wanna show you here that I said, "I'm honestly, uh, not a fan of these at all. Are these hormones that Meta Glow actually targets that can support all of the above?" Right? So just showing you guys the conversation. Another thing as well is, uh, basically, this was trying to give me, like, the three root causes. You guys need to be careful with that because I'm not even sure if that's compliant on Meta. Uh, I did a random Google search that said it is, but you guys just wanna be careful with saying, like, root cause, uh, to things, and so... Because, again, you, you don't-- like, there's a lot of reasons why. It's like, you know, the root cause is probably the fact that you don't work out and you eat McDonald's. [chuckles] Like, it's probably what, what, what it has to do with. But anyways, um, I like how this now-- they-- these all have the same points here, but what I like about it is now I can tie the ad completely together, right? So low GLP-1, high cortisol, and high DP- DPP4. Now, people might not know what DPP4 is, uh, but the point is, is, like, I'm able to kind of show that clearly I'm, like, educating these people, right? But again, I grab their attention, and I'm like, "Hey, it's very simple." And so here's what I love about when you, when you simplify things like this, and I'm gonna get dominated again. We are simplifying it down. All right? So there's two hormones and one enzyme behind boredom eating. We make it very, very simple for them to understand: low GLP-1, high cortisol, high DPP4. Now, we could, and I kind of like this, hunger hormone, stress hormone, breaks down GLP-1. We could maybe see how this fits in. Like, let's just extend this out, and let's see how this looks. Maybe we can make this, like, italicized, and we can-- I don't wanna shrink down the whole thing. I kinda wanna just shrink down kind of the, the end of it, uh, if that makes sense. So let me see if I can... Again, you guys are watching me in the cut, uh, [chuckles] do some, uh, do some graphic design. Uh, so let's paste this here, and let's see if we italicize this, and we shrink this down. And this is why you guys should just make one ad before you make all of them. Um, but I kind of like this. This is a way that I've been doing things recently, so it probably doesn't make sense, but there we have, like, hunger hormo- hormone. Now, people might not be able to see this, but this just kind of puts it to that, that sixth-grade level. You know what I'm saying? Or that fifth-grade level that, that we're trying to get. And so this could just be helpful to just kind of explain, like, by the way, this is hunger hormone, uh, this is stress hormone. A lot of people might know what this is already, right? But if they don't, there we go. We can educate them, and then over here, so this kind of like-... all works together. And this is super ugly. I might change this, I might not. I'm not sure. I'm definitely gonna copy this and paste this in here. Boom! Look at that. Looks like we've got that nice and easy. And let me delete this. Pop this back in there. Beautiful. Right, and so now, let's again, let's, let's take a look at the entire ad. We have August ninth, twenty twenty-five. We've got twelve fifty-two up here. We've got the iPhone, right? So eating taller sized portions, two hormones and one enzyme behind failed restriction, low GLP-1, high cortisol, high D- DPP-4. Uh, chugging water instead of eating, two hormones and one enzyme behind fake fullness, low GLP-1, high cortisol and high DPP-4. Uh, eating because there's nothing else to do, two hormones and one enzyme behind boredom eating, low GLP-1, high cortisol, DPP-4. And here, maybe we could just leave this one as is. Maybe we wanna see how this does, and don't be worried. It's like: Oh, well, what if this one doesn't work because of this? It's like I, I can't see it not. I mean, there definitely is a lot of text on screen. Uh, so maybe, maybe we delete this, um, for the sake of it, but we could also leave and test it, right? Um, my point is, is I, I'm just trying to show you guys that this is... And I'm gonna get to the questions and review the ads that I made because a lot of you guys are a- asking questions now around congruence. This was how I was able to grab an ad idea from here, pull it into Cre- Creative OS, and develop it. Now, I want you guys to understand as well that, like, if these ads do not work, um, this does not mean and there's gonna be an execution video that you're watching. This does not mean that these, these sub avatars [chuckles] are not good, um, and that the angles that we're going through are not good, okay? And I just realized that you guys will notice I, I kinda forgot to, like, fill out the sheet here. I just kind of went straight in, and that's fine. But what I was gonna say here is, like, the, the concept test that we're having here is maybe like the, uh, the iPhone notes ad, right? And so the desire is still the same, and then the angles that we're going after, again, we could have drinking water to control cravings, basically eating smaller amounts to lose weight or try to control their cravings, but that's kind of the main problem. And when I was reviewing this, and it doesn't matter, but sometimes when you let ads breathe, and I'm gonna talk about, uh, that in a second, um, it helps you actually make a better version of them. And then eating because there's nothing else to do. I really like this one, so, like, boredom eating, uh, using water to control cravings, and then, um, eating smaller amounts. I'm not really sure how I feel about this one because, again, we're just kind of saying, like: Are you eating taller sized portions? That's just kind of calling out someone that is eating small amounts, which I think is fine. Um, two hormones and one enzyme behind failed restriction, and so, you know, this is at least calling out a person. I think it still works, but it's calling out a person that is obviously dieting. Okay? Uh, so now let's get into the final part, and again, we can export here, it looks like. So page two is a PNG. Can we, can we, can we do all of them? Page two. Okay, got it. Well, you guys don't have to watch me struggle. Let's get into the notes that I have here. Okay? Big thing here is just reviewing my final designs from part one. Um, and so I wanted to show you guys what I actually ended up finishing up with. And so this is where I'm, I'm talking about it here, where I say, "Taking a breather before final submission." I just went through a session, and I spent an hour doing this, but you guys have to understand, I'm filming, I'm educating. Like, when I'm just locked in, doing myself, like, I'm just locked in, right? Um, but when you guys are writing these ads, I would recommend taking a breather. Take like a-- So you write ads during the morning, try to write a bunch of ads. Just get first drafts done, and you can see, like, I'm trying to make these ads perfect, but my point is, is, like, just if you make a batch of ads, boom, go. Go to the next one, make another batch of ads, go on the next one. Let's just say you make two or three concepts in, in, in the morning. What I want you to do is, say, you go have lunch, rather than coming back and doing another three batches of ads, I want you to come back and look at the ads that you made in the morning. Because something magical happens when your brain is not thinking about work. You're thinking about eating food, you're watching Spencer yap on school. [chuckles] I don't know what you're doing, right? But your brain is not really thinking about the ads that you made. And then guess what? You're going to come back after lunch or, I don't know, after whatever your break is, you go do whatever you do, and the way that you're gonna see the ads is gonna be very different. And so a reason why I'm gonna show you a great example of this is I've [chuckles]-- when I read this, I originally just had it say, and it, and I, and I show it in the video. I think I'm, I'm gonna show the video just to show proof. But here I had one that was like, "Eating twelve hundred calories is easy," right? And so I thought I ate with this, and I still think it's really good, but I was like, [chuckles] "This is kinda, this is kinda calling out someone that..." And, and I actually kind of wanted to test it just for, like, rage bait. Rage bait's a big thing right now, but, um, eating twelve hundred calories is easy. Obviously, it's pretty easy. Like, you could eat that in-- You go to Raising Cane's, boom, you got [chuckles] twelve hundred calories, right? And so when I was reading this, I was like: Yeah, I don't know if I'm trying to, like, get a bunch of people in the comment section and be like, "Yeah, no shit, it's easy." Although that could work really, really well. Right? Now, people might put together, like, "Duh, it's during the entire day," but what I ended up doing is, for this one specifically, I just edited it to same, because, again, I took a break, I came back, and I was like, "Oh!" I was like, "Yeah, I could see people taking it a different way. Um, let me change it to eating only twelve hundred calories." And now I optimize that ad. This one here, I found a specific call-out on the LP that almost made me wanna make an, an entire ad just around this. Um, but stop needing discipline, start lowering cortisol. And we kind of said here, like, lower your stress eating hormone and equivalent to ten cups of green tea. That was a mechanism that I actually saw in my research. If we go back, I think it's in the stress eater one or somewhere, somebody says green tea. Right? Look at that, benefits of green tea through curbing appetite, right? So guess what? I found that on the page, and that was a claim that was actually on the website. Now, whether you guys know you can make that claim or not, you have-- you would have to have studies for it. Uh, but the point is, is like, I was like: Damn, that's a sick claim! So I popped that in there, right? [chuckles] Provides natural calming. I then added the natural calming to the stress eating one. I think for one of them in the video, I had provides natural calm on this one, but it's like, uh, that, that, that's not really congruent with this. And so when I came back and look at it again with fresh eyes, I was like: What am I doing? Right. Trick, trick your stomach into staying full, right? With Meta Glow, I added this little TM here, increases GLP-1 by sixty-eight percent. And by the way, there, there's-- this is a mix, mismatch here. Uh, this is meant to be fifty-six percent.... um, I kind of screwed that up. It's-- My copywriter corrected me, so this is the newest one. Because what I was gonna say is, I also made a fourth ad, right? In the video, I was like, "I didn't even, I didn't even make this ad." But what ended up happening, I came back, and I saw this quote that I really, really liked, that I feel like we could tap into, and so I came... I, I, I made another ad for it. I was like: Oh, let me add a fourth variation. "I just ignore my cravings now." Kind of sick, right? Like, that was something that came up a lot during research, and I didn't execute it in the ads, right? Um, you know, "I eat just enough to not feel hung- hungry," and then I ignored it, right? And I remember reading, going through the Reddit threads, I was like: Huh, this is, this is pretty interesting. And so what- the reason why I wanna show you this is because when you take that breather, you know, and then you come back and look at your ads with fresh eyes, what most people do is they come back and they just make more ads. They don't even look at the ads that they had made before. Where if you come back with fresh eyes, so many times you'll be like, "What the f... What was I doing?" But my point is this, guys: like, you need to give your brain a breather and your eyes a breather to then come back to your ads, see them again. Even if it's just a twenty, thirty-minute breather, that can help. But I'm telling you, if you take, like, an hour, the best thing is, like, sleep on it, take a day. That's why our scriptwriter, if you guys wanna know our system at the agency, she writes most of her briefs on Thursdays and Fridays, and then she takes the weekend off. She takes, like, two days off, and then she comes back Monday. Before she ships the briefs, she goes through them again, and she-- a lot of times she's like: "Oh, God, I gotta, like, rewrite this whole thing." [laughing] Because at- sometimes you're just tired, and you're just trying to force ads, and then you just like, what you're saying just doesn't make sense, and it's because you're human, right? So anyways, that's my point. Big emphasis there. Now, questions: "Now, are those big enough swings if you use the same template?" I want you guys to know, a lot of you guys do not have graphic designers, okay? And so I want you more focused on what is inside, right? Because the... I mean, like, these are kind of relatively the same, but the headlines are different. Now, here's the thing: Could eating smaller-sized portions be shown better? One hundred percent. I could definitely show, like, a little, tiny plate of food. Like, that would be a really good image. Like: "Hey, give me a little, tiny plate of food." And then this one, chugging water instead of eating. I could have, like, a gallon, a jug of water on here or something like that as well, right? Eating because there's nothing else to do, right? I could just have someone that's just, like, I don't know, bored or something. Like, you know, c- could I make this more congruent? Yes, a hundred percent. And if you guys have a graphic designer, then please do make them congruent. But I know a lot of you guys in, in this program, specifically in Origins, do not have graphic designers, and so you have to, like, really understand that it's more about the messaging and, like, just-- Like, this works, okay? It works. And so, yes, is- are these completely different, congruent ads? No. Um, and would I prefer if they were much more congruent for what I'm saying? Yes. But my point is, a lot of you guys don't have the ability to do that, because you don't have a graphic designer that's just focused on making the best statics possible. You, right now, are only... Y- I want you to stay focused on just writing the best copy possible, okay? And then that goes into, uh, again, can you test the different visuals? Yes, you can. Okay? Again, and that was my whole point. But the point is, is, like, these are big enough swings, okay? They're big enough swings because we're targeting different people. Uh, image-first training, I just talked about that. Um, and again, make sure you guys always use the Hemingway App too, to make sure it's, it's easy and simple for you guys to understand. Now, one thing I was gonna say is NanoBanana. If you guys don't know what that is, uh, if you go to, uh, AI or AI Google Studio... So AI, uh, Google Studio, uh, Google Studio is what I'm trying to find. Google Studio? There it is. Um, there is a tool called NanoBanana, and you could say, "Give me a photo of Meta Glow next to a really small portion of food on a big plate." Uh, it needs to fit in an ad like the-- Or, I mean, let's just see what it does, okay? I'm just gonna show you guys, like, how simple this is, okay? It's, it's very- th- this is, like, common knowledge for you guys that don't know this. But, uh, let's go into my ad here, and I'm just gonna copy this, this, like, photo of Meta Glow. I don't know if that actually allowed me to copy. It didn't. Uh, let me go ahead and upload this. All right, cool. So I just uploaded a photo, um, and then I'm gonna say, "It is going to be used as an image next to an ad that has a headline, portions, and my goal is to make it congruent." Let's just see what's gonna happen with good old NanoBanana. All right, it actually came back [laughing] with a pretty funny image. I'm not gonna lie. Okay, so again, NanoBanana is pretty sauce. I'm gonna give this another prompt, and I'm gonna show you what I get this to. All right, guys, so I actually cooked. Um, [laughing] probably gonna be, uh... It took me a bit. I, I don't know why. It was giving me some weird crap here. But what I ended up doing is I just said, "Let's start fresh," and I go, "Hey, here's this image here. Here's the image of it." I said, "I need this photo to be replaced," that's outlined in red. "I need to use a photo of medical collagen, and I have attached... Put it next to a smaller plate with a tiny piece of chicken and a few tiny pieces of broccoli to emphasize the headline that says, 'Eating smaller-sized portions.' Again, I just need the image to put on the ad. You need to re- you do not need to remake the ad. If you have any further questions, let me know." And it kind of nailed it on the first try. And so now I'm just gonna download this, and I'm gonna pull this in here. Now, this is, this is pretty funny. Do the background remover here, and this will kind of show you guys how it actually looks. But this is, uh... [laughing] This is, this is pretty funny. Um, this is a little... Like, I would prefer if the Meta Glow is bigger. Um, so I might ask it, I might say: "Can you please shrink down the plate a little bit more, so the Meta Glow is bigger?" So this is a tool that you guys can play with. You know what? I'm going full screen with this. I hope you guys enjoy this stuff, man. Like, it's just so fun. Like, when you guys, you guys just have time to play, not play all day... I mean, I kind of see this like play. It's like, bro, we're just, we're just playing all day. You know what I mean? Like, we're just having fun doing this stuff. And so, like, I hope you guys are enjoying this, and I hope for those of you guys that are actually, like, investing time into watching this stuff and, most importantly, taking action, like, you guys can see how insane the opportunity is. So, like, even make congruent ads if you have no idea what you're doing. Like, [laughing] oh, God, this is good! Wow, I actually- I've, I've out- I've outdone myself, guys. I've completely, completely outdone myself. And so [chuckles] here I'm gonna remove this background. I mean, this is, this is hilarious, guys. Like, come on. I mean, it looks a little bit odd, don't get me wrong, but it's like, dude, eating smaller-sized portions. It's like... And it, and it visualizes it, right? Now, could we do this for chugging water? I might just say to do the same thing for this ad, but we're getting a little bit carried away. But hopefully, for the sake of this video, uh, you guys are clear on how to use this. You got a little extra sauce in there with, uh, NanoBanana. Uh, I'll attach the final ads in there once I'm done, um, but that is gonna be it for the how to write image ads, part one and part two. This part two ended up being way longer than I thought. There's obviously some extra sauce in there too, but I hope you guys enjoyed. I hope you guys are excited by seeing how this all comes together now. This is the part that I was honestly mo- most excited about. Um, and then we're gonna get into video ads, and video ads is gonna be kind of more of a scriptwriting model. And this is also something that I'm gonna... You can get-- You guys can see from a graphic design perspective, you guys can kind of do some of this stuff yourself. When it comes to video editing, there's gonna be a few options for you guys to figure out how you wanna go about it. But that is everything on the image ads. Let's maybe see if, uh... Oh, look at this! Okay, you know, we actually, we got something here. We got a big jug of water. It's got the water puddles too. I mean, look at this, guys. Talk about, "Yo, Spencer, I can't make congruent ads." I don't wanna hear it. I, I don't wanna hear it. You know what I mean? Like, look, look at me, guys. I'm, I'm cooking. Oh, sh... Anyways, [laughing] you guys get the point. Uh, we've got everything here, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna wrap this up. You guys will see the final ads down below. But thank you guys so much for taking the time to watch this. Make some banger ads. Have some fun with AI. Don't get too lost in the sauce playing with AI all day, by the way, because, again, testing the initial concept is more important. The messaging is more important than anything else, but that little bit of extra congruence doesn't hurt. All right, I'm gonna leave it there, guys. Thank you so much.