All right, so now the next stage that we're going to jump into is going to be YouTube, okay? And so this is where, again, we're just playing around. Best hairdryer, fastest hairdryer. We can just look up whatever it is. I looked up a few different ones here, and I've got a few tabs open, but the main goal here is we're looking for different things. And again, it doesn't have to be specifically for just hairdryers. So, for example, this is obviously a, a great, you know, video that talks about actual hairdryers. But something that I noticed when I was scrolling through this is there's a lot of, like, ASMR, right? Hairdryer sounds. "Sleep like a baby in ten minutes." There's ASMR here. This has twenty-six million views, okay? This is something that is incredible for us to understand. You can see I've got a few different, um, tabs pulled up, but this ASMR style... There we go. There's an ad that we might be able to run that is just the hairdryer just blowing, and it's very calming. This resonated with twenty-six million people, okay? Right? [chuckles] Like, and also, just as a whole, make sure when you're going through YouTube, you're always reading the comments and stuff like that. But, like, it's so crucial to actually understand and see this. So now this is something where we go in, and we can scroll back up to ad ideas. Well, overall, uh, visual ad ideas. Let's do an ASMR ad with the Lifefit, right? Just blowing and just calm, relaxing, right? Just have that showing, right? Something like that. That's a great ad idea, and we haven't even got into actually what we're looking at here. Now, two things that I want to call out. Number one, pay attention to these headlines and what people are saying, right? Look at all these different ones that are really, really good. "Best budget hairdryer," okay. Obviously, we might need to go and, and find some, some better titles 'cause we're getting a lot of ASMR stuff, but again, that just shows you a lot of people are kind of looking at this stuff for ASMR. "Blow dry your hair quicker, faster, and better with these hacks," right? That is a great headline that we could potentially take and turn into our own. "Testing top professional hairdryer versus Dyson," cool. Looking at this, "Ferrari versus Dyson," cool. "Top five best hairdryers." "Head-to-head: Dyson Supersonic or Super- Supersonic versus GHD," right? So look at some of these different headlines and see what's getting good clicks, and then, most importantly, as we start to find these videos, we need to watch these videos, right? This is an eight-minute video, but spending these eight minutes to really understand what people are saying, what's being happened. We can also scroll down here and read the descriptions. "A perfect, sleek, at-home blowout is almost impossible to achieve without a great hairdryer. But in a world with seemingly endless blow hairdryer options, you know, how do you know which one will leave your hair shiny and frizz-free," right? That's another thing, right? We're scrolling back down. Okay, more buzzwords. Fi- frizz-free. So let's go ahead and find our, our buzzword section, right? Frizz-free, right? There's another one, and if we go back again, I think they said the word, um, shiny, right? So hair shine, that's another big one. So continue doing that. Continue getting these buzzwords and start to read down in the comment section as well. "Thanks for this informative video, but I do think, um, you should have tested the blow dryers without knowing the price. That way, you could judge them from their work." Interesting there, right? "Nozzles make a massive difference to how hairdryers work and finish you get. All these, especially the Dyson, should have been used with the nozzle to get a better..." Cool. So you can see what people are kind of commenting back, right? So, for example, I would go through, and I would watch this video, right? I'd understand the Revlon Compact, what she's saying about that, the Remington damage protection, the Philips Ceramic, okay? Drybar, whatever that is. Here's the Dyson Supersonic, where she's going in on that. Okay, looking at b-- and even, even shorts, right? So here's, here's an educational one. "Does blow drying, blow drying destroy your hair?" Right? Right? So this is a little short that got a decent amount of, uh, uh, traction, right? And this is kind of tapping into that unaware market, right? "Does blow drying destroy your hair?" That could be a fear of people, right? 'Cause again, if we look back at some of the possible wants and, uh, and desires that our, our customers have, it is for... Let's use cases, let's find it, but we're gonna get there. They want healthier hair, right? They don't want heat, heat damage. They want shinier hair with volume and bounce. So understanding these videos and these fears is something that we can really tap into. There's that ASMR video. Here's actually one where someone's comparing our product, right? So we can understand what he's saying. What are people commenting down, right? "I've never tried the Lifefit, but I've tried the Dyson." Okay, really, really tap into YouTube. Here's another one just on the hairdryer, right? A one-month review, okay. Tons of views, tons of comments, right? What are people saying that's good or bad? Here's that Brad Mondo video, right? Really understanding that. So YouTube as a whole, it's a phenomenal place to really start to tap in and understand what people are watching. What are they saying? What are they looking for? What are they being told, right? Keep track of those buzzwords. Keep track of those desires, right? You'll notice that these YouTubers will, will say that, right? They'll say that, like, "Are you looking for beautiful hair? Like, do you want to feel your best version of yourself," right? So that's a desire that we would probably write down, right? And we would tie that to what those wants or needs are, which we would then channel all the way back, and we're gonna get to that point. But we can start to see how the desires to feel beautiful and be confident in your hair leads back to these wants, these surface-level wants of wanting just healthier hair because they want healthier hair to feel beautiful. And then we go back to the benefits of, like, "Hey, we have a product that helps with that and this feature of negative ion technology," and we can go from product to feature, to benefit, to surface-level want, to the deeper desire, and we can connect all the way down. So that all starts with a lot of YouTube research, and YouTube is gonna be a absolute game changer for letting you understand and see what your market is watching and get a way better, again, just general understanding of who we're going after and what their desires are.