All right, guys. So filming another, uh, piece of research here. I think I'm actually gonna put this into, uh, maybe ten, uh, point two five or something like that. Uh, but this is for when you're inside of the ad account for any of our clients. Um, a really good thing to do is just go to max. Okay? So set the account to max and then look at whatever, uh, ad or whatever, basically, I mean, ad, obviously. What- whatever ad has the most results or the most spend, and I would take a look at that specific ad and start reading some of the comments on it. Okay, so click Preview. If you don't know how to do this, if you're a copywriter watching this or whoever, um, click Preview, go to the Share button here, and you click Facebook Post with Comments. Okay? And then once you load that up, you'll see that there's going to be, um, a, a piece here or a comment section here for you to click. Now, what you're gonna wanna do is just look at all comments and just see what people are saying. Okay? And this is another great way just to get an idea of what people are talking about, right? So obviously, there's gonna be some constructive stuff inside of here. Um, okay, "Buy a JBL." Okay, cool. So that, again, even this is important to know because that kind of tells us right away, like, "Do yourself a favor and buy the JBL Charge 5 with a twenty-hour battery. You won't need the Basebox speaker," right? So again, that's just really good for us to know and look at in regards to seeing what people are saying. Um, just like, "Together, if you are a freak like that, LOL four would work fine." Okay, whatever. Right, so we get it. Okay, so we can actually see the, the owner commented, Big U- Big Jeff. Um, but this is something just to look at as well. Um, again, "Unfortunately, these and the best speakers will sound as good as the music source." Okay, great. Right. "How are they... Forget outdoor sun, humidity?" Okay, great. So look at that. That's a great question, right? "Are they overheating? I see a major problem here. Other audio people notice, I guess we're not the target market." Whatever. "Does it have a carry case?" Right, you can actually see, [chuckles] this is, this is interesting. Let me check this out. Right, so there's actually just interesting-- like for us here, this is really good feedback. Okay? So it's like, why do we have to go through all this long-ass landing page before we see, you know, the actual product? Interesting to see, right? So that's where sometimes the landing page might not actually work that well. Okay, so that's just one example, right? And so obviously, depending on the account, you can go in, and you can see that some ads are just gonna have more engagement than others, right? So we know that, for example, inside of here, this is a DCT that has been running for a long time, and if we go to the actual ad section, there we go. We can click Preview. We can check this out. And again, same process here, Facebook post with comments. Now, if you get this view, same kind of thing, right? Let's, let's take a look at the comments. Let's view more comments. "Love them for my daughter!" Right? So there we go. That could be an angle in itself where maybe we talk about buying shoes for your children, right? "These, these are great," uh, you know, "give confidence for your..." Whatever it is, right? "We love these. Just wish there was more cute designs." Okay, great. "My-- Got them for my son. He loves them." Amazing. Look at this, right? There's a photo of someone. "They are perfect for my sweet girlie who wears braces." Right. Really, really good stuff inside of here. "I just ordered two pairs." Okay, cool. Um, great, I'm gonna keep going and see if I can find another one here. Right. "Brooke needs these for school." So this is amazing, right? So now it's like, oh, wow, well, let's actually create a school ad. Maybe we could create some kind of, like, back to school ad or something like that, right? So the whole idea of going through this comment section is to find new angles based on what people are actually saying, right? Even something like this, like, "Have you seen these? Have you seen these," right? Like, it's like that could even be a headline right there. "Have you seen these new shoes," right? People are like, "Holy cow, like, what even are these?" So there's really, really, really good, uh, you know, basically engagement and, and really good angles that you can find inside the comments section on Facebook. Now, are some people gonna be pissed off? Of course, they're gonna be pissed off. It's Facebook. There's a bunch of weirdos out there. Uh, but at the end of the day, this is a really good, uh, way for you to continue to do more research on existing ads that the client has ran or on any ads that we're running. So if we're in a bit of a creative rut, what you can do is you can start just browsing the comments, look for some new ideas, and that's going to lead to obviously some better research for you, uh, to figure out what is going to resonate best. And again, this is a great strategy in order to just have new, basically, angles given to you, um, that are basically proven because there's- the market is actually saying and, and giving you that angle, um, and there's a lot of people obviously commenting it to help us create better, more scalable ads.