... So another part that we're gonna talk about here is just the beliefs and objections that may need to be handled, okay? Along with problems that we have to solve for while marketing. Um, and so the beliefs and objections should have been just kind of gone through and done, uh, by reading some of the like the low-quality reviews or reading some of the, the Reddit threads and stuff like that, or YouTube videos where it's like people are saying we're a Dyson copycat, or we're a Dyson knockoff, or expensive compared to all the other hair dryers, or, you know, competing, uh, for example, for this. Like, there really is no difference between luxury hair dryers and cheap ones, like they all do the same shit, they all dry hair the same. So like, that's a big belief that, that some people have, like a large part of the market has, which is why they buy cheap hair dryers. So what we wanna do is start writing these out as like problems, okay? So it's like: How do we showcase that we aren't cheap, you know, based on our pricing? Because if you look at it, we potent-- we essentially are, because we make all the same claims as Dyson, but we're a third of the price, right? That builds skepticism. So it's like, well, this sounds too good to be true, right? There's no way I can get the same functionality as a Dyson for a third of the price. That's too good to be true. Doesn't make sense, right? It'd be like if I came to you, and it's like the, the idea of that ad where it's like there's an ad in the newspaper that said, "Hey, if you send me a dollar, I'll send you a thousand back," and no one sent him a dollar 'cause they're like that's, or whatever it was, I can't remember what he said. Um, some, some kind of ad line. It's just too good to be true, long story short. Uh, but if you have a potential solution to that, uh, just make sure that you, you add that there as well. Now, the thing is, is with this, like most of the time, you might not have a solution right away, so it's important to do a little bit more research on that. You know, go into Google, go into YouTube, maybe start just sit in a dark room and think about it. [chuckles] If you're like me, you meditate and sometimes you get ideas, and that's kind of the goal. Um, but here, you know, for example, one of the solutions was like, "Hey, we can just talk about how we don't make customers pay for a brand name." That's, that's our- that's the way that we handle it. It's like, "Hey, I know we are cheaper. You're right. Exactly. We, we don't charge as much as the other guys because we don't make customers pay for a brand name." That simple. That's what it is. Oh, okay, maybe that helps some people get over the ledge, right? But there might be other ways that we have to say that. Uh, some other things is like, how do we educate people to stop seeing anything above fifty dollars as, as a luxury product, right? 'Cause if you really think about it, it's like, "Hey, I spend a hundred and thirty, a hundred and forty dollars today on this hair dryer, and it's gonna last me two, three, four, five years," however long it is. It's not a luxury product. Like spending that amount for a product that lasts you that long, it's like saying: Hey, I-- my, my Honda Civic is a luxury car, right? Um, so that's something, again, you could even write that down, right? And give an analogy, give a metaphor. It's like you, you know, you spend... Let me just pause this again. So I kinda went with a, I came up with a different analogy here, where I was like, it's not like you're eating at Ruth Chris every night. Like, it's not like buying the LifeVant or buying a Dyson is like this luxury experience, right? As much as people see it at, like that, it's more of the idea of like, hey, you're spending a bit more to eat healthier, aka keep your hair, hair healthier, um, to feel better about it, rather than cheaping out and like eating fast food if you like shit all the time. So like that's just like, uh, uh, I think it's analogy that my, my... I never really was good at English. Uh, my analogy there is kind of like that, that helps me understand it. So then at, from that point, maybe that'll help you understand more of how to attack it. So maybe if we can provide an analogy to it, like, you know, to help people maybe see it in a different light, that can be part of our marketing message, right? Um, it's the reason why that it is really, really popular. Like, I think, um, sometimes, I, I don't know if it's Gei- it's not Geico, but there's some ad company where it's like, "You wouldn't do this, would you?" And then it, like, shows something really stupid. It's like, "So that's why you should, you know, not do it with your car insurance," or whatever it is, right? So that's kind of the idea. If doing this metaphor kind of pro- or the analogy practice helps you understand it a little bit better and maybe find a, get closer to finding a solution of how we can educate people to stop seeing hair dryers that are above fifty dollars as luxury products, it's a great thing to do. Um, how do we find fresh ways to deliver a powerful message of fast hair drying without heat damage, right? So that's another problem, um, that we have to solve for. It's like, well, how... That's a really good message. Fast hair drying without heat damage. Simple, to the point. But everybody says that, right? So that messaging is getting very fatigued. So how do we find a new way to say that? How do we find a better way to say that? What's a fresh way to get that same desire, but say it in a new way, right? Brainstorm some ideas with that. And then how do we convince people that certain hair dryers can actually dry hair faster, right? Again, that belief that, hey, hair dryers are all fucking the same, right? No matter what, if you, if you crush your hair out, it's gonna, it's gonna burn out your hair, like it doesn't matter. Like, either you got the people that are like, "Stay away from hair dryers, just natural air dry," or, "I don't care, like all hair dryers are the same." So like, how do we break that belief? How do we maybe educate them a little bit better on how hair dryers actually can dry hair faster, right? Do we maybe do a timer? Uh, do we maybe do something, like if someone drying their hair with a regular versus, versus a non-regular, like what are some things that we can do to showcase that? Do we do before and afters? Do we do comparisons, right? Like, how do we do that? How do we make that come to life? And this is, again, another thing that's gonna be tough, but again, this is the reason why we do this, is as we start to understand the beliefs and objections that people may have, then we need to also dive into that. And again, for our clients that, uh, we have our product research surveys coming for, or like the customer surveys coming for them, we're gonna get a lot of beliefs and objections as well. Um, and so that's gonna be most likely another question that we added. We're gonna be updating our, our feedback surveys as well, but I'm getting off on another tangent, so I'm gonna end this video here. Hopefully, the beliefs, objections, and problems you have to solve for while marketing all makes sense.