... All right, guys. So this is something that has come up quite a bit, uh, for you guys in chat, and Sean mentioning that he still has, you know, brands that are doing a few hundred thousand dollars a day calling their customers. And this is something that really can unlock a lot of gold for you, because you can just simply have a phone call with someone and learn a little bit more about their journey and what's going on. Okay? Uh, with that said, you don't want to call this person and start bombarding them with questions or say like, "Hey, do you mind if I ask you some questions?" Or anything like that. You want to approach it very casually, and you just want to have a conversation. Okay? Um, so any customer that has placed, like, a higher than average purchase order, uh, on your site, uh, and again, if you don't know how to find that, you go into your Shopify admin, you go to Orders, and if you click on that person, you should be collecting their phone number. If you are not collecting their phone number, then just Google how to collect phone numbers. I'm not gonna show you guys how to do that here. It's very simple to do. You can just enable that people will actually give you their phone number, um, and then you can obviously go ahead and call them. Okay? So it's very simple to do. Uh, with that said, whenever someone places an order, say, your average order value is, you know, sixty dollars, and someone buys, like, four or five of them or something like that, that is a great person to go and call 'cause you might learn a little bit more about, like, why they're buying so many. Uh, but on top of that, you know, you can also just call people who have purchased maybe once or purchased twice. If you have a repeat customer, you could call them, uh, or if you just have someone that has just placed an order and you wanna call them, you can do that as well. Okay? Um, so the first thing that you're gonna do is you're going to just call them, cold call them. Pull, pull up your phone, say: "Hey, name, you know, it's your name, calling from your brand. Is now a bad time to talk?" Okay, very simple. To give you guys an example, here, here it goes back to OG Spencer cold calling days. You know, "Hey, Jack, it's Spencer calling from Easy A. Uh, is now a bad time to talk?" And when you leave it that way, you're gonna get one of two answers. One, they're gonna say: "Yeah, actually, I'm just in the middle of something. Do you mind if you call me back?" Right? And you can obviously go ahead and schedule a time to call them back. Uh, or two, they'll just be like: "No, I, I've got... uh, I'm good. What's up?" Right? And they'll probably answer because, again, if you say that it's you, like, Spencer from Easy A, and they just purchased an order, or, "Hey, it's, uh, you know, it's Spencer from Alo Yoga," um, they're probably, 'cause they've just placed an order, gonna be like: "Oh, what's this about?" Right? So they'll be like: "No, no, no, what's, what's going on?" Uh, and so if they do that, then you can say: "You know, I saw you just placed an order with us, and I wanted to, one, just personally reach out and thank you for supporting our brand. Uh, but two, I just wanted to ask if you could explain a little bit more about how you, how you got to our brand." Right? And you wanna leave it there. You wanna pause. You don't wanna say anything else. You just want them to start talking about how they actually got to your brand. And if they ask like, uh, "Oh, oh, like, like, what do you mean how I got to the brand?" Then you can obviously explain a little bit further. Just be like: "Oh, I'm just looking to, you know, better understand, like, how'd you find out about us? Like, you know, what, what were you looking for?" And you can start to reiterate there. But ultimately, what you're trying to do is you're trying to get them to talk as long as possible, okay? The ideal answer that you get from this is you are like... or you ask that question, and they're like: "Oh, well, you know, I was recently, you know, rebuilding my patio, and, uh, I was super tired of, you know, trying to, you know, use these, you know, th- this, this paint finisher," or whatever the hell it is that you sell. "And, you know, it kept getting dry and messing things up and not looking the way that I wanted to. And, you know, I tried going to a bunch of different stores in person, but that didn't really work. And so then I started looking online, and I saw that you guys, you know, I saw one of your ads on Facebook," which is probably gonna happen, "and I really liked the ad, and I thought, you know, okay, I'll go check these guys out and give it a try. And so, you know, that's why I bought." So that's, that's, you know, that's the journey, right? And so now what you're gonna understand is you're gonna get a lot of different, you know, pain points from that, and you can continue the conversation further and be like: "Oh, okay, so you tried X, Y, and Z." Like, "Okay, well, what about, you know, our brand specifically?" And you can just have a conversation, but this is how you want to start it. You don't want to, like, pepper them with questions and be like, you know, w- [chuckles] you don't want to be like: "What's your favorite color? You know, what's this? What's that?" Like, you don't want to ask them a bunch of questions or like: "What are you in pain about? Or like, what are you hoping to get out of this, right? Like, what are the benefits of our product?" Like, you don't want to ask that dumb stuff. Like, you want to just have a conversation, and this is where if you can ask them, like: "If you could just explain a little bit more about how you got to our brand," that would be extremely helpful for you to understand the customer journey. Because once you understand the customer journey, you can ideally recreate it, and you can know the different problems that they're going through, and they'll just automatically start talking about it. Okay? So again, let them talk for as long as possible, jot down some notes, and make sure you have a pen and paper with you, or make sure, you know, you're typing away. And make sure you store these notes again in your research doc or elsewhere. Okay? Um, again, you're really just looking to better understand their journey, what they're looking for, and some of the things that they were potentially going through that ultimately made them purchase your product. Okay, so that is how you can phone call customers. Uh, again, this is not a word-for-word script that you have to follow, but this is something that will work well. It's based off of basic cold calling principles, but at the same time, you're not really cold calling. You're kind of warm calling because they've already given you their credit card. So whenever you call them, and you're like: "Hey, it's, you know, Spencer from Alo Yoga. Like, just wanted to... you know, is now a bad time?" Right? You're-- they're gonna be pretty receptive to that. Okay, so that is how you can do that. Uh, if you have any questions, uh, obviously, you can ping them in the chat, but we'd love to see you guys starting to cold call some of your customers as well... warm call some of your customers to get data as well.