Hey guys, what's going on? It's, uh, Spencer from the future again, and I just want you to know that we do actually have a revised research doc. Uh, this came as a result of us kind of going through and merging everything over from our project management system on Monday over to ClickUp. And in that process, uh, we did rebuild everything here. So, um, this is very similar to the existing one. Uh, so just to show you guys in here, obviously, I'm, I'm in school. There is the updated research doc here that I'm showing you right now, and then there's the one that is going to be shown in the videos. So if you see me going through this, I've still left this here for you guys, if you like some of these questions, and you like the way that this is laid out. Uh, with that said, when it comes to cleaning up the research doc and putting things a little bit more organized, uh, we have gone ahead and made kind of what we call these, like, you know, brand bibles, essentially. So, uh, we have all of the brand links in here as well. So when you're doing research, make sure you, you quick link your website. Uh, if you have a YouTube channel, quick link that. If you have an Instagram, quick link that. Obviously, you do. Uh, TikTok as well. And then from the ad side of things, we have the Facebook Ads Library here. Um, just a quick link to go to that. Uh, Atria Creative Report. Again, I'm going to cover Atria as well. You'll learn more about that, too. You should have seen, uh, in this update as well that I mentioned, we have now, uh... We're no longer using Foreplay, and we have moved over to Atria. So again, Atria is, uh, linked over here, so you can find Atria there as well. And again, there is a link here that will take you to, uh, creative research down here that explains why we did that, uh, just so you guys have that. Uh, and then the main thing here is that we have put, um, a few things in here, so just, like, an area for you to actually put your ad copy. So like, just headlines and hooks and hook ideas and CTAs and stuff like that as well. Um, as well as something that we're calling a phrase bank. So a phrase bank is like positive frames, right? So words for the main claim being delivered, like maximize ROI, like exponential revenue growth, like exponen- e- exponential email list growth. Uh, and then there's negatives here as well, so words that are relatable issues and problems to overcome. Overcome a sales slump, you know, recover, you know, hidden shoppers, you know, get, get out of a plateau. Uh, so these different types of phrases that we're going to throw around in advertising, as well as visual ideas, and I think this is something that's super important. There's going to be more, uh, coming out around, uh, UGC content and how to brief and stuff like that as well. Um, with that said, I want you to know that for this visual idea area, this is where we wanna start to write down things, right? So for example, obviously with Life In, we, you know, I, I'm going through that entire process, or the entire process that you're about to watch is with them. And, uh, for them, you know, having some visual ideas jotted down there, and I'll mention some of them, like, "Oh, let's get someone with, like, a bunch of foam in their hair." Like, that would be a visual idea that I would write down. Or, "Let's get someone who, like, has their hair on fire." Let's write that down as a visual idea, right? And so this is what we need to make sure that we're doing when it comes to, like, just storing our ideas, so it's just slightly more organized here. Uh, and then from there, we have the product section. So who is the company? What are the products? What do they do? What are the use cases? What are the features, benefits, desires, reviews? So again, similar to like that self-onboarding, but just organizing it here. Uh, and then the big one here is core research, and so making sure that we have very clear problems and solutions. So like, here's a problem, here's all the solutions, and try to list as many of them as you can. You can see core problems here, other problems here, and then we also have similar to the other one, the good competitor reviews, bad competitor reviews, buzzwords, all that kind of stuff. And the biggest thing that we've added here is this avatar section, and there's going to actually be more that comes around, uh, on avatars specifically. So definitely make sure you go through the program for that. But laying out your avatars here, so like, what is their name? What is their age? What is their gender? You know, marital, marital status, if it, if it actually matters, uh, age of children, and that kind of stuff, if it matters, again, for your product specifically. Uh, one thing that I really like here is quote. Uh, occupation, again, if it's in, you know, if it's makes sense for your product, you can write their occupation. Same with their income. Probably a good idea to try to ballpark that as well. And then from here, this is where a lot of the value is in this new research doc, is really understanding the core challenges and pain points, really understanding their goals and their values, and then from here, being very, very clear on objections and questions that we have to overcome and products and solutions that they've tried that did not work. Okay, and so this is going to be crucial for you to understand when it comes to laying out avatars and really being clear on, like, what do they actually want? What are some things that have not worked for them? Really starting to dive deeper into their belief system and all that good stuff as well. So the avatar section is great. And then frequently asked questions is also a really good section to make sure that if you're doing research and you're noticing people asking questions, make sure you take this after your research process and also update this on your store. Because if you don't have FAQs on your product pages right now and you're realizing there's a lot of questions, you need to make sure that you're jotting these down and you're updating them in, you know, your, your website, but then also considering it as potential ad ideas as well. Uh, competitor research is basically the same here as well, and same thing with the media buy, uh, media buying, uh, ad account audit. Okay, and so all that stuff is inside of here, but it is now slightly more organized for you all, and I hope you appreciate this updated version. Uh, with that said, if you have any questions around this new doc, uh, make sure you guys ping us again if you're in the full of all program in the Discord. Uh, but otherwise, this should be hopefully straightforward and clear for you. All right?