All right, so one thing I wanted to note as we now enter the next stage of just googling, you know, best hairdryer, you know, hairdryer, uh, fast hairdryer, all this kind of stuff, is that you really wanna make sure you either, if you have a VPN, turn on the VPN to the market that we're looking at. So the market that we're looking at is in the US. So obviously I'm in Canada, so I had to turn on a, uh, VPN for that. And then I also like to go into Incognito just to make sure I can get a better understanding of, uh, of kind of what's showing up for people kind of in this area. Now, one thing that I wanted to note before I kind of even get into some of the more specific competitors and stuff like that. So for example, looking at Shark and looking at the Dyson Supersonic and this RevAir. I don't even know what that is. That looks like a reverse dry... I don't know what that is. Um, but for example, one thing that I noticed is like we are competing against brands that are massive, right? So brands that just have so much credibility, right? We've got the Shark here, we've got the Dyson Sumer- uh, Supersonic. If we keep scrolling through, you know, Rite Aid and Kohl's, and I saw obviously another one, like Hudson's Bay, Walmart. So like all these really, really high trustworthy brands that people are confident shopping on, is definitely something that you want to note down. So for example, if we go back to our research doc and we scroll down to, uh, wherever it is, beliefs and objections that might need to be handled, something that we can write down is just competing, um, you know, competing against big brands and trusted sources online for shopping, okay? So that there's just probably gonna be a little bit of skepticism, I guess you could say, of people shopping on Laifen, right, compared to all of these other brands that are obviously really well known, right? So we just wanna make sure, like, that's something that we acknowledge, is the fact that, you know, like JCPenney, all these other brands that are really, really big and trustworthy and like, you know, basically buying sources and purchasing sources of that, you know, that people are, are confident in, that they're not going to get scammed essentially, okay? So just making sure we note that, we understand that, and that's actually led to a, a different ad idea that I had, which is just faith in online shopping restored, right? There was actually a review that someone left that just said like, "Hey, I'm pretty skeptical of buying stuff," which a lot of people are, right? We're running them Facebook ads, where apparently this, this hairdryer that has all these amazing things, that it's Dyson for a quarter of the price. So that's the biggest thing that we're gonna need to handle, is making sure that people can actually understand the value, right? We don't want to-- sometimes comparing ourselves to Dyson, for example, in this case, comparing yourself to a really high-level competitor, can lead to a lot of skepticism just because it's like, well, how does this do everything that the Dyson does for three hundred dollars less, right? And although it actually does, which is great, we just need to make sure we understand that there is going to be people that are skeptical. So that's one thing that I just wanna note when you're doing your Google search, make sure you understand kind of the competitors that we're going up against and the massive brands and, and trust that have been built over the years compared to, you know, for example, our product. So just something I wanted to note there in regards to doing some Google research. So I'm gonna dive in and continue doing the Google research, and for this part, obviously again, I'm just going through. I'm trying to read a little bit more about it, see what they're talking about, no heat damage, powerful, fast drying, curl, volumize, smooth, and dry, right? Really understanding what are the, what are the key things that they're talking about, right? What, what are they saying? So that's what I'm looking at. That's what I'm trying to figure out and see how they're, uh, explaining things and adding that to the research doc.