All right. So again, next part of this research stage is going to be going to Amazon and really just getting a better understanding of what is going on, right? So we can look up again, best hairdryer or hairdryers, right? And we get a better understanding of what people are seeing, right? So for example, if we're looking at people that are looking for hairdryers, if they see an ad for a hairdryer, like, oh, wow, I really need a hairdryer. You know, they're going to start looking, maybe we bring them into the market, whatever it is, they're going to start seeing a lot of these lower budget items on Amazon, right? Like this one right here is a thirteen dollar hairdryer that they can get basically tomorrow, okay. And so that's something when we're looking at this, we need to understand that we are obviously charging a lot more than what the general public is buying. So a lot of our job potentially as a adver- advertiser for, for a product that's a little bit more premium, maybe not as premium as Dyson, but we need to start explaining and educating people that these types of like, old hairdryers are really damaging their hair, right? And that's just an assumption that I'm making. But for example, make sure you guys have Shoelix installed, so there should be logins for Shoelix. I'll actually leave them as a comment in this video. But for example, here's a twenty-nine point ninety-nine dollar product. We can start to take a look at some inspo here as well for the actual, uh, images that they're showing. Okay, so strong wind, constant temperature, hair curling, got it! Ultra-fast drying, no heat damage, right? So that's, for example, where I would go back, and if I see another one there, no heat damage, right? Cool. There's, there's another one that we're looking at. We can also get into another product here, where let's see, infrared heat technology, counted on infrared heat, style your hair fast, will maintain its natural moisture and softness, heat and speed settings, cold shot, all this kind of stuff. Okay, cool. And this is something that's also interesting too, that we can start to look at in regards to things that people are used to, right? So like the cold shot button, that might not be something... I actually have to double-check our product. I don't think we have a cold shot button, but that's another thing where it's like a lot of people are used to this, right? And again, this is a twenty-one dollar product. Now, if you're using Shoelix, we can start to get a better understanding of everything over here, right? So top pros, drying time, right? Lightweight, drying power, and price. Okay, so let's look at this summary over here. Lightweight, fast drying. Starting to notice trends here, right? Let's look at a another analysis over here of another product. So this is a number two online. This has sixty-eight thousand ratings. Absolutely wild. Number two-- number one up here is actually lightweight. So that's very, very interesting as well, right? Going down here, easy to use, lightweight. So lightweight is definitely something if we scroll down here. Now, this is a competitor that's a little bit more similar to Life in regards to price range. We start to get some ideas of, of what's happening. Top cons, slow drying. So these are things that we want to look at in regards to all different sizes of the market. So here's the budget market, right? Here's the people that are paying twenty bucks, thirty bucks for a hairdryer, you know, thirteen dollars for a hairdryer, right? And, uh, we really obviously can look at this market as well as, as part of our, our research. But then on top of that, look at products that are similar to ours, and then, of course, look at products that are more expensive than ours. So for example, here's a Shark that's three hundred dollars, right? This is a big jump, right? This is ten X the price almost. If you actually look at the other one, it's like twenty X the price of, uh, you know, our product down, product down here, okay. So we're looking at all different sizes of the market and different areas, right? So that's something that we can also take notes in, whether you take notes, however you want to take them. It's, you know, in the market awareness level. So we've almost, we've got this super, you know, budget like the, you know, like the ten to, you know, fifty dollar hairdryers, right? And we can start to list out all, all the problems that they're dealing with. And then we also have like the middle-of-the-row, kind of, uh, medium price, you know, budgets, right? And, uh, that's kind of us, right? So that's us. Uh, and let's actually just do this. So let, let's just say like seventy-five to like two hundred, right? So that's us, that's, you know, whatever this brand is that I just found here, which is the, uh... Go ahead and pull this up, you know, whatever this company is, I don't know if it's company Cozy Companions or whatever it is, or T3 is another one, or T- Tymo, which is you might not see these here, but I see these from our competitors that the, uh, client has provided. So again, make sure you list that as well. We can start to get a better understanding, again, long story short, of the pros and cons, the purchase motivation. So a lot of people are motivated to purchase this just because of the price. Like the price is really cheap. What's the worst that happens? It's fifteen bucks, right? Price here, affordable, right? Down here, great value. So that is something that we need to look at. So when we're talking about our messaging and our product being great value, that might roll right past the heads of a lot of different people because it's like, this is not great value. This is like, this is expensive for, for some people that are in this, you know, more of a budget market, okay. So make sure you pay attention to the different markets. Make sure you understand there are different problems, there are different pros, there are different cons, there are usage scenarios, right? At home, traveling, right, daily use, okay. Really starting to use Shoelix to help us summarize a lot of this stuff. Now, it is still important that we scroll through and again, look at this, dry style and go, super lightweight hairdryer, okay. Lightweight is another thing that people are talking about. As we scroll down again, what are they saying? Salon ionic infrared styler, right? All these different features for smooth and shiny results, right? Shiny, another word that is being said quite a bit. And if we go down to my buzzwords, right, now we can take a look. So shiny is being used again. So just take a look at a lot of the stuff on Amazon. You can find a ton of great research on Amazon. And then lastly, make sure we're looking at our Amazon listing too. Make sure we're understanding what we're saying. Are we-- do we need to change up our messaging, or we're saying the same thing that everyone else is saying, right? Really try to look at that and, uh, get a better understanding of all the different levels of the market and summarizing what the issues are, what the pros are, what their profile looks like, and all of that good stuff in regards to each and every single one of these using Shoelix.