So just jumping back in here as well to talk a little bit more on Shoelix, as it is really, really powerful. Uh, something that is really, really helpful is when I'm looking for use case scenarios here, okay? Um, as well as essentially the bad competitor reviews. This is really, really good to jump in and take a look at some of just the Amazon rankings, right? Like this is number fourteen in hairdryers. So what you could do is you could go to hairdryers and also just look at the number one hairdryer and process the same report, 'cause it's just-- you're just, you're just looking for the most amount of data possible, right? And so what's really, really incredible about this, I'm able to see-- All right, so what are they using it for? When are they using it, right? Very, very important. Well, if we know majority of people are using it after they get out of the shower, then that's probably a s-- uh, you know, uh, an environment that we want to film in. Um, eighty percent of people are using it at home. Probably an environment we want to film in, right? At home, coming out of the shower, and obviously for, for drying their hair. We know that. Uh, but something that is also very, very, very, very interesting is getting to look at some of these things that these low-quality hairdryers have, right? That hair, uh, gets caught up in the fan or sucked into the back, right? That's very, very horrible. Uh, breaks down easily, over- overheats and stops working, right? Um, so it's the exact same thing with what we're doing here, again, after the shower at home. Um, so really, really trying to understand where people are using it, why they're using it, and then same thing here. Stopped working within a month or broke easily. Issues with durability and longevity. Breaks down easily. Cheaply made, not durable, right? Stopped working or broke after a short period of use. Um, so you can see, smells like something's burning, right? So there's, there's another one right there. So that's another thing that we probably want to add in of bad competitor reviews, right? Device overheats and smells like something is burning. That's horrible. Gets too hot and burns the scalp over... This, this, this is perfect, right? So this is exactly what we're using this tool for, to get access to research very, very fast. Now, the other thing that I wanted to mention is if we look at potential cust, uh, um, questions customers have, we can see there's a lot of questions around features, which is interesting, right? Mentioned about nine times, and if we actually go to, uh, the one that has a little bit more, uh, details on this, we can also see what people are asking, right? So a lot of people are asking about questions, and here it's actually compatibility. Okay, technical specifications, right? So dual voltage, heat, temperature, Hz range, right? Pretty interesting that a lot of people are actually really curious about the features, okay? So that tells us that obviously it's a pretty sophisticated market, um, and that people, uh, like understand the outcome, and they're just looking for the mechanism and the features that are actually going to lead to the outcome that they want, right? So that's something that we need to take note of for the section that we have, which is somewhere around here, which is, um, what questions customers have, right? So that's another thing. They want to know about the technical specifications, right? That's a, that's a really big thing. What are the actual tech spe- uh, uh, specifications on this product, right? A lot of people might be like, "Oh, well, you don't need to know that," right? So here are some great, great things here, right? So it's like, is it cordless, right? How much does it actually weigh? Um, what are the RPMs? What's the voltage, right? Uh, UL rating. Cold air, right? Does it have a cold air shot? All these different things, right? So we can start to have this on our, on our product pages, of course, but also in our ads as well. Um, we can take into consideration all these questions that potential customers have. Also, this is really, really big on the CRO side of things, but these are all things that we need to know. And again, by using Shoelix to, um, look at the QA a- analysis and the review analysis, we're gonna get a really, really good idea very quickly of what the market is looking for, what struggles they have, and how we can, uh, stand out. So hopefully, that all makes sense. Again, very, very, very helpful tool for us here, and I just wanted to film another little part here as I continue to wrap up this document.