The next stage that we wanna look at is on Reddit, and Reddit is just really, really good for trying to get a deeper understanding of what people are saying, right? So is Dyson hairdryer really worth it? Um, you know, hairdryer recommendations, those- these are average ones, but like this one, for example, that I clicked, "Buy a hundred dollar hairdryer or a twenty dollar hairdryer? Looking for longevity. Need suggestions for mid-range blow dryers," right? So looking at all these different Reddit threads is also a great way just to see what people are really saying, right? So for example, right, here's also when we're looking at trying to fill in a part of our chic here, if we, you know, are going to go ahead and do that, is, you know, what are some problems that we're gonna have to solve for, and what are some questions that customers have, right? It's like, what is the best hairdryer? Like, you know, is there the best hairdryer out there? You know, like, what, what's the best one to buy, right? Um, looking at, you know, their, their budget as well, it's like, hey, is it really worth spending more? We can then get really, really good answers from people that are a lot more familiar with our niche, right? Like, this is from four years ago, so don't get me wrong, make sure you keep an, an eye on how long these things are. Now, some of these are probably still active. Um, but taking a look at this, right? "Hi there, stylist here." This is someone that knows a lot about hairdryers, right? Uh, "Do you happen to know your girlfriend's hair type and how she likes to wear her hair?" So that is something right away, like, I didn't even think of that, right? Like, how does... How, how do our customers wear their hair, right? And, and what type of hair do they have? So that is something where we can, again, go back to market awareness levels, where like, we need to almost be-- and I know I'm kind of, like, adding, like, market awareness levels here. It's, it's more just general market awareness, like being aware of, like, who we're selling to. It's like, what types of hair, um, do our, you know, avatars have, right? And that's again, just a point of understanding our customers better. A lot of people are just saying, like, "This is the be- best hairdryer ever for anyone and, a- anybody with a pulse," right? But if we could try to segment that and actually maybe direct our messaging to, like, this is for girls with thick hair, right? Do you have thick, heavy hair? Life it is going to help you dry that faster, right? And so that's something where you can start to understand the main desires of the market. To use, uh, the, the river analogy, the desire of having a good hairdryer flows, but there's certain segments of the river that might not flow as strong, but you can still pull that desire out of, because there's people with heavy and thick hair. There's people with really tight budgets. You can start to just look at all the different markets. And so again, that's just something right there. We haven't even really started on the Reddit side of things, but like, you know, what type of hair do you have, and how do you like to wear your hair, right? Do you like to wear your hair straight? This is the perfect, you know, hairdryer for you, right? The best hairdryer will depend on this. If you have textured, curly, or, you know, difficult to manage, frizz-prone hair, you know, that's gonna be something that helps you decide on your decision, right? So personally, I feel T3s and Dysons are highly overrated. So that's something we're-- coming from almost a professional, like, they feel that they're overrated, right? So we can get a lot of good information from there, right? Here's another one: "I have a two hundred dollar hairdryer. I don't find any different in the cheap ones." A lot of people upvoted that. They're saying, "Don't worry about buying expensive hairdryers," right? So that's something that we need to consider, right? That's probably a belief that we're going to have to handle, where if we scroll down, again, we get to the belief section here, where it's like, what are some beliefs and objections that we're gonna handle, is that there really is no difference between luxury hairdryers and cheap ones. They all do the same, you know, S-H-I-T. [chuckles] Right? So that's something that people- that is a belief that we're gonna have to overcome, right? In my opinion, it absolutely follows the rule: a bad hairdryer will fry your hair, right? So if she's using it daily, it's worth spending the money to get one that keeps her hair healthy. So that's a good combat, right? You know, p- basically educating people and, and providing a better understanding that, hey, you can use that cheap hairdryer. It might seem like this is something that, you know, doesn't really have a big difference, but it actually does, right? Here's, here's the science behind it. Here's something that you don't know, right? Taking that unaware market and, and trying to go after that and helping educate people, okay? So this is where Reddit is super, super powerful. Also, a good one here: "Is this hairdryer really worth it? If someone were to ask me the best investment I've ever made, I would hands down say my Dyson hairdryer." Well, so there's a different concept, right? That one's from six months ago. "Hundred percent agree. I wanted one for years. When I finally got one, it was everything I imagined," right? "I've had mine for six or seven years." So that's another thing, right? This is an investment where it's like, you might go through, over the next three years, three or four or five different hairdryers because they burn out or something happens, or, you know, it's, it's cheap, it's, it's low quality, and you might actually end up spending the upwards of a hundred dollars or if you were just to buy a Life it, and that would lastly last you, you know, three or four years, rather than having to go through multiple hairdryers. So stuff like that, again, Reddit is super, super helpful for getting the down-low, right? "Dries, yes. Does not fry, I promise. I thought I'd..." All this kind of stuff, right? We can really start to understand what people are saying. Now, I'm just going through this stuff at a surface level, but when we sit down to really go through this and really understand this, um, that is going to really, really help us fill out this document and start to understand all the different desires that, that people really have.