:
All right, what's going on everybody? We're going to be jumping into the first module here, which is going to be talking about desire. Now, depending on what you know about desire already, this is essentially my interpretation of it and how we take it  and apply it to marketing. So obviously there's a lot of different ways to go about this, but just know this is the way that I've best understood it. And this video is going to be my attempt to share that with you and help you better understand essentially the driving force behind all of marketing. Okay, so let's go ahead and let's dive in. So what is desire? Okay, let's go ahead and define this because obviously it's very important to define it. But basically desire is the force that makes advertising work. Okay. You cannot create desire. Okay. It is something that just exists in the market. Okay. And desires, as you can see here, are defined as strong feelings of, of wants or needs or wishes. Okay. It's related to, as that sentence explains, basically what people want. Okay. What is it? that people actually want.  We have sometimes referred to desire as the angle behind your ad. So if you've heard, hey, what's the angle of this ad? Desire is very, very similar to that, but angle is more of like an oh umbrella. We'll get to that. But just know that two most important things here, desires are the things that people want, the things that people need, okay? And it's demand that already exists and is flowing through the market. Okay, you cannot create desire, you cannot make. Mass of millions of people  want a certain thing that desire just has to be there. So types of desire in the market. Now there are basically two main types of desire that exists. One is a permanent desire.  is basically the big three is health, wealth and relationships.  These are desires that never leave us.  The mass population,  we all have a shared common desire of wanting to be healthy because obviously we want to live, wanting to obtain wealth. um because obviously we want to be able to experience life and we want to have great relationships. We want to be able to be with,  we're social creatures. So those three desires are the most dominant desires and every other little desire kind of trickles down from there, but they typically all point back up.  One of the good examples that I like to give  is the iPhone. That actually taps into all three of these desires.  It helps with your health, depending on who you ask, but there's things that you can do to track and monitor your health on there.  And then there's wealth, okay? The iPhone can help you network with people and can help you actually make money from your phone. And there's relationships. Obviously, that's the whole reason why the iPhone was created. It helps you actually connect with people, okay? So that's an example of why Apple and their main product is a trillion dollar company is because it goes to the extreme of all three of those desires and it's something that every single person wants. Now let's go down to trending desire. What is a trending desire? Well, a trending desire is things like crypto or like Valentine's Day and crypto we'll see. AI, right? These are just examples of what trending desires have been right now. And essentially these are desires that come and go. Okay? There may be times where these trendy desires become permanent desires, but for the most part, these are trending desires, right? That, you know, 2021, kind of, you know, bull marketing crypto, everybody was like crypto, crypto, crypto. And then it started, and then, you know, it came back down and now nobody was really talking about it anymore, right? At that time though, if you were selling Bitcoin t-shirts, you were probably doing pretty good. Valentine's day, right? This is something that comes and goes. Obviously every Friday or every February if you sell flowers you probably see a massive spike on Valentine's Day or just before Valentine's Day. Why? Because there's a desire in the market to celebrate this kind of holiday.  So that's an example of a trendy desire and just know that we need to make sure that we understand both of these but most importantly the permanent desires are the ones that are going to give us the long-term results but trending desires are a great way to really drive short-term gain.  Desire strength, let's talk about essentially the  strength of desire and why sometimes certain desires  are, or certain businesses essentially are able to grow a lot further than some other businesses, okay? And essentially where your business, the amount of desire that your business can channel  will determine how scalable your business is, at least that's what we've seen. Okay, so the strength you desire will determine ultimately the success of your ad. So not just your business, but now, obviously your  ads and your landing pages and everything else around it. Okay, so basically your goal  is to try to find the most dominant desire based on these two things. There's actually three, so everything that I'm referencing, I'll actually give you a resource at the end of this.  But essentially there's three things that  determine the strength of your desire. But I just tell people when you're first learning this stuff to just focus on two. And that's essentially the intensity of the desire. Okay, so like minor headache versus severe migraine, right? Like if I have a minor headache, I'm like, yeah. whatever, right? But if I have a severe migraine, I'm going to be like, I need to figure out how to get this gone, right? So the intensity of your desire will determine obviously the basically how dominant it is. And then the second part of that is just the scope. Okay, so the total amount of people that actually share this desire. Okay, so we'll get into some examples of that as well. But that is also going to determine how dominant the desire is. Are we talking about something that is mass, mass market that everybody shares, right? Or is it just a very, very nice small thing? Okay, so for example, here this airplane is your app, right? And the way that I like to help people understand this is essentially if you don't know this, when you're actually flying, there are sometimes like crosswinds, there's tailwinds and there's headwinds, okay? So basically a tailwind is, I don't know if you've ever had... the pilot come on the term or if you've never flown before,  this is what happens. They'll come on the thing and say,  hey, we were scheduled for three hours, but looks like we got a bit of a tailwind with us, so we should get there  in about two and a half or  two and a quarter, whatever it is. So the time for you to get there is significantly less because they're flying in a tailwind. So desire is kind of like this tailwind that basically gives you a boost. So you put your ad, basically you put your plane, up in the sky  and essentially a tailwind what it will do is it will like almost jet rock or jet pack your your ad and and let it do a lot better and basically help you achieve your goals a lot faster.  Excuse me. So that is a tailwind. All right.  Now if we actually go into the next point here, which is basically weak or no desire and we're flying into a headwind, this is the complete opposite of that. OK, so obviously, you know, if you're flying in a plane. just if you have a headwind, obviously you're still gonna get to where you wanna go, but it's just gonna be a lot slower. So this is an instance where again, the flight's supposed to take three hours, but now we're flying into a strong headwind.  So there might even be some turbulence and there's probably going to be a longer delay. So now it might take you three and a half hours or four hours to get there. But the truth is when it comes to  advertising, there is times where you actually might not go anywhere. You might put your ad out there and you're just, you're not. there's no desire around your ad. So just imagine there's like eight of these headwinds against you and like your plane or your ad won't go anywhere. And so what do we call that? That's an ad that doesn't succeed.  So that's basically to give you  sort of some kind of visual example, how the strengths of your desire will either work with you or work against you depending on the desire that you're actually going after. Now, if we take a look at another example here of all different types of desires, Here's one just around the health space that will help you better understand this. So for example, the desire to have toned calves. Kind of like, you know, super niche. I mean, everybody would probably, you know, maybe want toned calves, but is that like the main reason why they work out? Like, probably not. That's just kind of like a side benefit. So if you were to put up an ad talking about how your product helps you tone your calves, there's definitely probably some people in the market that are looking for toned calves, like the Hermoses of the world. uh But that's probably it, right? where if we compare that to desire number two over here, which is gain more muscle, that is obviously a way bigger market of people that want to gain more muscle. Okay, so we're now getting an extra boost from the tailwind here that is helping us get to our end outcome, right? Obviously help us find that when you add. So we're actually entering a market with more desire. And then if we go to desire number three of get a six pack, that is definitely a lot larger than gain more muscle, right? A lot of people just want to have like they just want to look good. Maybe they don't want to be big and muscly like you know Ronnie Coleman, but they want to have a six pack. They want to look fit, right? So that's a bigger stronger desire. And then if we go to the designer before here, which is just to have a healthy physique and just like be healthy, as you can imagine, that's going to probably be the strongest desire. And if you could find a way for your ad to fit and to attend to that desire, that's obviously going to be a much more powerful, much more successful. So this is just an example that hopefully gives you a better idea. So when you're looking at your product, how does my product attend to all these different desires? And I may be going after a desire that is super small and super niche, or am I going after a desire that is massive, right? Obviously going after a desire that's a lot bigger is going to take a lot more skill and you're going to have to speak to the market in a lot better way because obviously everybody's going to be trying to go after a lot of these bigger desires. So sometimes it makes sense to start smaller and go after smaller desires. But just know this is essentially an example. of how the strength of your desire will actually work. Now, one example that I actually wanna give you is something that happened with a client of ours that sells skate cut  resistant gear. Okay, and this is essentially how desire changed the entire business of one of our clients. And when this actually happened, it really helped me understand like,  oh wow, that is what desire is. Okay, it's the same as you know on Black Friday. It's like, why are my sales up massively on Black Friday? compared to January 4th. Well, because there's just a lot more desire in the market to purchase and spend money, right? So if we actually take a look at this here, you can see October 28th, we were scaling this client pretty well, okay? We were doing about 10 to $15,000 a day, spending about $2,000 a day on ads, and the client was actually doing very, very good. Now, if we actually fast forward to October 29th, this is one day, one single day. This client, we went from being able to spend $1,800 to $5,500 at a 36X MER and we did over $200,000 in sales. What happened? What changed? Did we launch a sale? Did we just double our ad spend? Did we drop a new product? What happened? Nothing changed other than what was going on in the market. Now, it's a very unfortunate story, but for example, in this market, there was actually a hockey player that had passed away from a skate cut, okay? Very serious incident that scared a lot of people and the entire market finally was realizing like, oh my goodness, like, you know,  myself or my child could get severely injured or potentially pass away from a skate cut. And so that just  made uh a  massive amount of influx for  this market and for a desire for products. that can protect either  people themselves or their children from skate cuts. And so what happens? Well, people start searching and looking up and talking about it. And next thing you know, our ads are being served and Google searches are being, our Google searches are happening and our  client's brand is popping up. And we were able to basically scale to this.  I mean, it was insane. Like  I got online and I had to double check the store because I thought something was wrong. And the only thing that had changed was the desire. Okay, there was now an  excessive amount of  the scope of people and the intensity, right? Remember that slide where I talked about the minor headache versus the massive migraine. There was now a massive  amount of desire for people to get this product. Okay, so that is the power of desire. And obviously the goal is to tap into desires like that with your creative strategy, which we're gonna get to. But just to give you an example for anybody who's like, I don't believe in the, it's a fugazi, fugazi, it doesn't really exist. ah This is desire, it is very, very, very real and this is  a great example to hopefully help bring home and help you understand this. This final slide here, I'm just gonna wrap up basically the final points of desire. So there's basically two different types of desire on your products. So remember, there's two types of desire. There's permanent and there's trendy. And then now we're talking about the two different types of desire on your product. So you actually sell two products when you're selling your product.  So when somebody buys your product, they're basically buying two. And the reason why I say that is because there's a physical version of your product and there's a functional version of your product. Okay. So the physical  component, right? The carbon fire, the wires, the motherboard, if I actually show you this, this next photo, this is obviously life in our clients, hairdryer, the, you know, physical components, the carbon fiber, the, you know, the wires, the buttons, the motherboard, all that kind of stuff. That is the physical components of the product. Okay. People, a lot of times, maybe you're not advertising the motherboard, but a lot of people will sometimes advertise the tech and focus on the tech  rather than or focus on like the physical piece of the product rather than the actual functional  component that  the user is essentially buying, which in this instance is the shiny, know, smooth celebrity style hair. If you don't know who that is, that's Kim Kardashian. It's just a random photo that I found on Google. But, you know, when people are buying this product, that is their goal. That is what they're looking for. So do understand and do know that the physical parts of your product definitely are important and as it says up there, it justifies and documents the quality of your product and essentially the actual provides evidence that  it can provide the functional  outcome. But at end of the day, majority of your people and the majority of your customers are going to be purchasing the functional side of your product and what it does for them.  You don't buy a car because I mean, there's obviously components of the car is like, oh, I really like my leather seats and you know, maybe I really liked the speaker system or stuff like that. But again, The functional side of things is you're buying a car to kind of get from A to B or you're buying a car to get status, right? It's the functional side of things that is going to drive the dominant desire, okay? Now, you might be watching this wondering like, okay, well, this is great. How do I find mass desire, right? Like how do I actually go out and figure this out for myself? Well, number one thing that you need to do is research. We'll be diving a lot deeper in that, but just look for those I wanted.  Oh, I was looking for this and I found this or I was in need of X, whatever. those statements are typically a desirable follow. Okay. And then the most important thing is to test the desires in your ad creatives and your messaging. Right. So if we actually take a look at some examples here of some of our clients, I'm going to go ahead and pause this here. So there's a plan  is if we look at these two desires, okay, one of these or these two examples here,  one of these is a winning ad and one of these is a losing ad. Now, if you're smart and you just go look at the engagement, well, yes, you can't see the engagement on the other two, but  The two on the right are actually the winning ads. And so let's take a look at them, right? How does Find A Style, how does that messaging or how does that desire compare to I Wanna Look Wealthy? Well, in this instance, it was a massive difference because this Find Your Style ad did absolutely nothing and the I Wanna Look Wealthy ad has spent over $20,000. And  if we take the example on the right here of youth athletes versus I Wanna Bigger, know, peachy, I wanna a bigger booty,  you can see that the Bigger Booty ad is  actually gone on to spend over $20,000 and is still continuing to spend. And we actually launched that, it's been only about two months. So this ad is doing extremely, extremely well. And so again, this is to help give you a better understanding of the different types of desires and how some are essentially more scalable. And you just have to continue to do the research to find what that scalable desire is for you. Okay. Now, if you do want to learn more about desire and you want to dive deeper into it, I would highly, highly recommend purchasing this book right here called Breakthrough Advertising, have SSS there.  Zero affiliation with this and this business or this business, this book helped me  3X my business.  It was a very, very, very powerful book. uh is not an easy read, but I would say if you go through these modules and then purchase the Breakthrough Advertising book after, it will definitely be a little bit easier as I try to break down a lot of these components, but it still 100 % worth it for you to actually go and purchase this book and just  go through and read it. Read it multiple times.  As it says there, know, what is $150? So it is expensive. Okay, it's not a $20 book you buy on Amazon. You know, what's $150 to potentially, you know, three extra business, right? That's a pretty good investment, right? So just take this book and just make it your new manual. I would highly recommend. We're gonna go through a few other pieces of this book. Okay, so I have all the other upcoming psychology videos that we're be talking about are actually coming from this book. But in this first video, I would just highly recommend purchasing this book as well as watching the videos that we're gonna go through.  to give you a way better understanding because this is stuff that you can't just look at it once and you're going to get it. So just make sure you...