3 Market Awareness - Evolve Evolve
Alright, so welcome to the next module of Market Awareness. And Market Awareness is one of my favorite, basically, psychology based lessons that I learned. Okay? Market awareness is something that made for me marketing make a lot more sense and helped me better understand why ads we're doing really well.
Why ads weren't doing really well, and most importantly, give me a better direction for every single new ad that I create. Now, every single time I create a new ad or I have a new idea, I go and leverage the principles that I'm about to teach you for market awareness to help me better understand it's like, is this really a good idea or is this just something that's actually not gonna help me scale?
Okay. So market awareness is the absolute secret to, or the basically the, the cheat code to being able to scale a lot further, um, by understanding. The levels of market awareness that exists. Okay, so let's go ahead and jump in. So the first thing is going to be understanding what market awareness actually means.
Okay. So market awareness is essentially the level of understanding that your customer has on your product, okay. Or just on the product in general. Right. So there are five stages of awareness, and we're gonna actually break down each and every single one of these in the slides moving forward. But just so you can see the five stages of market awareness and help you better understand them at a high level.
And then I'm actually gonna bring this graph back and we're gonna recap this all in this video. So the thing is, is sometimes you just gotta see things for the first time to better understand it. Um, but the five stages of awareness are as follows. Okay. We have unaware, unaware. There's people that aren't aware of the desire, okay.
And they aren't really sure that there's really anything wrong, or, you know, basically if there is something wrong, it's very, very, very mild and they're just, you know, like whatever. Okay. So the example that I use is like, you know, when you're walking up the stairs, you're like, you know, you're just kind of like, ah, you know, it's kind of annoying to walk upstairs and you don't really know why.
Okay. You know, bring that example all the way through. Now the next. Uh, stage here is gonna be prom aware. So prom aware is people that now know they have a problem to solve, but they aren't really aware of the specific solutions for it. So again, going back to that, uh, that that unaware stage of, you know, you're walking up the stairs and it's kind of annoying and you're just like, ah, whatever pro aware would be like, man, my knee.
Really hurts when I walk up the stairs. Right now you're starting to, you know, basically understand a little bit better about why your knee hurt or, or why it hurts to walk up the stairs. You're now problem aware that it's something to do with your knee. Okay, so it was again, unaware, kind of annoying to, to walk up the stairs.
Now you've realized, ah, it's my knee. That's really, really bothering me. So now you are pro aware. Now if we go to Solution Aware, solution aware is people that know there's a solution to their problem, but they don't know of any specific products to solve it. So for example, they know, obviously now, if you were to be solution aware that you know they need to get something to fix their knee and potentially they're just looking at, you know, like there's surgeries, there's braces, there's all these kind of different things, right?
They understand that there are solutions to the problem, but they just don't know what. What product is right for them? Okay, so obviously you can go get knee surgery, which is one way to fix your knee problem, or you can start wearing a brace, right? Just a, just an example here. Now, product Aware is people that now know that your product exists, but they aren't completely aware of why they should go with your product specifically.
Okay? They're not convinced that it's actually gonna solve their problem. And so for instance, for this, now let's just say I decided to go down the knee brace route. Now I'm looking at a bunch of different knee braces, okay? And I'm trying to figure out which one is gonna be right for me. And I'm not sure if your product is gonna be the one, and now the final stage down here is gonna be most aware.
Okay? So these are people that know of your product and they know what it does, but they're just kind of waiting to purchase it, for example, right? I found that your knee brace has, you know, some kind of elastic technology that keeps your, you know, the knee together tighter. Whatever it is, and I'm, I'm, I'm all in on it, but I just, you know, I haven't purchased this yet.
Maybe it's November 1st and I know Black Friday is around the corner, so I'm just gonna wait till then. Or for example, I know I just had to pay taxes, so I gotta, I wanna wait till I have a little bit more, you know, money in the bank accounts before I actually come and, and purchase this. So there can be a multiple multitude of reasons of why people don't purchase in this stage.
But just to give you an overview of an example of how we go from unaware to problem, to solution to product in most, that is how the stages will flow. So let's go ahead now and break this down further. Starting in. Be inverse. Okay? So most aware is where a lot of advertising, a lot of low hanging fruit is for brands.
Okay. As you can see, I'm gonna break this down from definition, goal, and action, so that way you know what to do in each and every single level. Um, but for example, the definition of most aware, as we kind of talked about is prospects. They already know what you do. They, they're just price sensitive, and all you really need to do is just make them an offer.
Okay? So the goal here is it's time to sell. Put your selling hat on and just, you know, give them what they want. And the action here is get out of the way. Okay? Make a great offer, reduce the risk, and make it easy for them to purchase. So Solar Wave here is a, is a, you know, multi, multi eight figure brand.
Um, they do an incredible job of this. And as you could see, it says, you know, a new era and glowing skin is here. 20% off with any purchase using code meta 2030 day birth free trial. They do a great job of targeting and going after people that are most aware. And one thing that I want to remind you is that Facebook can analyze your creatives and it's gonna know who to show this ad to.
So depending on all the other things that you have going on in your business that are driving, you know, maybe people who are problem aware into the wear. And again, there's every single business has these funnels that are happening. It's just we don't understand it because it happens at such scale. But a lot of people who are most aware, Facebook is gonna serve them this out.
Okay? Facebook knows who's ready to buy and who's not for the most part. So. This is a great example of most aware. Now, the next level to that, again going now colder and colder is product aware. Okay, so the definition of this, again, just to recap, is users are now aware of the options available and are exploring all of the different types of products, including yours, but your job is now to show them why you're the best.
Okay? Your goal here is to make your product shine and show more. Of how it solves the desire. Some actions that you can take here is build more trust, share more benefits, share more fu features, uh, show them more of how your product will solve their desire. The best. You can al also introduce something.
This is what we'd love to do, which is future pacing. Okay. So at this level you can show them how, if. They use your solution, how easy and effective it is to essentially get that end outcome that they're looking for. So for example, five reasons why you should try Cali Tiger, which is a jewelry brand. So a lot of people are obviously product aware of jewelry, but we're gonna provide them five reasons why they should shop with us instead.
Hopefully this is all starting to get together, and if you do wanna see these ads, they will be in the winning Ad Doc. So I'm not gonna play it for the sake of this video, but you'll be able to see this video later. Now, solution aware. Okay, the next level to market awareness. Solution awareness is now users know there's a solution to the problem, but they haven't really chosen one and they don't know that your product will actually be the best solution for them.
Okay. I've actually just gone ahead and changed out this image here as this was actually the wrong image. This is the image, and the reason I'm gonna explain the difference between this one and the other one that I showed you is because the one that I showed you of the humidifier was actually more of a product where at.
Okay. Because we were comparing a humidifier to another humidifier, and that's something in this scenario where we're showing all the benefits and why essentially our solution is better. Whereas solution aware, we're showing a comparison of two. Uh, products that actually deliver that. So for example, in this comparison ad, this is where if you've ever done us first them ads, you can actually climb a level of market awareness by changing what you're comparing to.
So in this instance here, we're comparing our client's slide board versus a Peloton bike. So a lot of people are probably solution aware and shopping all these different ways to basically get in shape or get healthier, right? They're potentially looking at gym memberships, they're looking at Peloton, and we're coming in and we're comparing ourselves against one of those solutions.
Okay? So hopefully that under, hopefully that makes sense. Hopefully you understand what I've just done there of comparing. Our product versus another product rather than our product versus a similar, basically the exact same product. Okay. So that would be a product level ad. So humidifier versus humidifier.
Product aware. Okay. Solution aware is slide board versus Peloton. Okay. They're not the same product. If I was comparing in this ad, our slide board to another slide board, that would be product aware. But what I'm doing here is as I'm leveraging the awareness level, the solution awareness level of people who are looking at different ways to, you know.
Basically solve their problem of losing weight or whatever it may be. You know, getting a total bottle body workout and reducing the risk of knee and hip injury, whatever that issue is, to another solution. Okay, so this is a solution versus solution rather than a product. Versus product. Okay. So solution.
Solution aware, as they just kind of explain the user knows. There are solutions to their problem, but has not yet chosen one and does not know that your product will be the best solution for them. So that's why our product, or our solution versus solution, uh, AD here has done so well is because what we're doing is we're introducing our solution to the main problem as the superior solution.
So the action here is, call it the benefits consumers want, that your product provides that. Other products probably don't. If there are any other solutions that give them the same benefit of yours, call out and compare how yours does it better. Right? So you kind of get a, a, a workout here with both of these, right?
Both of these products can help you lose weight, but ours does it a a lot better. So you can see how this is coming together. You can also use success stories and influence reviews as vehicles for showing your reader just how wire solution does that. But in this instance, as you can see. Just going ahead and launching the, uh, us versus them at the solution aware level.
Now, the next step here is going to be prom aware. Okay? So prom aware is probably the most common level that you see a lot of people talking about, and the definition of this is the user senses. They are experiencing a problem, but they don't know there's a solution. Okay? They're, they're not really sure.
Okay? Now the goal of this is to identify and focus on the problem and show your understanding of that problem. This is where if you just sit in the problem and you just continue to kind of talk a little bit more about how that problem sucks and all of the other things that you experience now. I'll have a little caveat here and say that there are times where staying in the problem too long can actually make the ad be like, dude, this is like, I don't wanna relive my problem.
So you, you're definitely gonna wanna test how long you stay in the problem. And when I say how long you stay in it, I'm kind of talking about how long you, you know, show and I'll, I'll. Basically give you this video. 'cause this video actually does a great job of it. I'm actually gonna play a little bit to explain it further, but you might want to also then focus on benefits.
So you don't just wanna be problem, problem, problem. You do wanna focus on a lot of the benefits as well. But basically the whole goal of this is to show 'em the problem. Let them know that you understand this is why problem aware, simply do so. Well, it's 'cause you're showing the understanding of the user, right?
Like for example. It's a very, you know, like in depth scenario. But say for example, you were a person that was dealing with, you know, maybe, maybe your, your hands were getting really sore from typing all the time, and it was, especially your left pinky, or your left picky in particular was just super, super sore and it was really annoying.
And if you saw an A that was like, are you tired of, you know, your hands just getting super sore from, from typing all day? And you know, especially that left pinky, that left pinky, just, you know, it's, you know, as you could see as a user. You're looking at the, the ad, you're like, wow, this person gets me.
Like, that's, that's incredible. That's what, that's our goal. That's the level of detail and the better and the more in depth that you understand that problem. So when you find a problem that exists in your market, just goes so deep into it to really understand all the problems and you, until I get fired up about this stuff, I love it.
Um, but you just really, really wanna dive deeper. Okay. Action here is basically first articulate the problem so clearly that they say exactly as I was just talking about, yes, that's the problem that I'm having, and then start introducing the solution. Okay, so for example, if we go ahead and play this video a little bit, I don't think it's.
We'll have volume. So for example, you could see this is a, this is a hockey bag, right? And we're talking about, and we understand their problem, right? So as you could see, he's in the locker room. He's like, where's my shin pad? Where's my elbow pad? And he just kicks his bag. And so, for example, as a hockey player, every hockey player has gone through and you know, they forgot a shin pad, they forgot an elbow pad, they forgot their neck guard.
And so for example, you know, here's, here's a hockey player. He is running late to the game. He is like, all right, let's get ready. He goes, what the heck? Right? Like, where's, where's all my gear? Like, oh crap, where, where's my Under Armour? You know, there's my first skate. And then it's like, wait, oh no. And then you, as, as you're watching this as a hockey player, you can feel like your heart drop because you're like, oh my gosh, I couldn't even imagine forgetting the skate.
And he goes, oh, finally, finally found my skate. And it's just the bag. The bank's just a mess. And he's like, are you serious? He goes. How does this even happen? Right? And then for example, he's showing another problem. So we're just, this is a video where, you know, we're about. Almost 30 seconds in here, and we're just showing all the problems that hockey players deal with.
Right? Here's another one. Oh my gosh, I just got my foot soaked because I was trying to, you know, take my skate off and my skate had snow on it, right? It's like, oh my gosh, now my feet are soaked. Here's another problem. I opened up my, my hockey bag and it's like, it just wreaks in there. It's like, oh my gosh, this just smells terrible.
And now, as you can see, we introduced a solution, right? Here's the hockey bag, which has everything you've ever, you know, dreamed of. It's got pockets for all your stuff, for your skates, your helmet, your gloves, so you can know where everything is. It actually gets dry so it doesn't stink. There's also a foot mat that he, uh, he flops out at the end where it's like it helps you avoid that problem.
So we're then taking the user through all the solutions and showing them our understanding of their problems. Really, really, really great ad. Really, really powerful ad that did an incredible job. Now, the final ad here is going to be unaware, and just so you know, this is the hardest level of market awareness to market at, and for most brands, you actually don't really need to tap into unaware.
Depending on your market until you're at some serious scale. Um, but for the most part, inside of this level of awareness, the user just doesn't know they have a problem. So you have to take someone that is not even consciously aware that they have a problem and help them understand what their problem is.
So your market is identified by a core emotion that they're feeling. Call out that core, core emotion. Educate them on the problem that is causing that emotion. Then provide the solution and the product, and obviously the offer to get them to actually purchase. Okay? So the goal here is just really to educate people and educate people that are unaware of, you know, basically.
Their problem so that they didn't become problem aware. Right? So the action for this is either highlight a problem that, you know, everyone has or is very common, or talk about, you know, things like your ideal, um, prospect is gonna gonna want to go, or your, or your ideal prospect wants. But essentially the unaware level is that level that you don't really have to worry too much about until you get a some extreme scale.
But just to give you an example of an ad here, this is, this is an example of an ad where we're talking about, you know, having cerebral palsy. It could affect different parts of your body. So this is kind of going after a lot of those people that obviously have cerebral palsy, right? So they're aware of cerebral PALS palsy, which has, you know, a bunch of problems that go with it, but they're not aware of the problem that we're actually solving.
So we're kind of casting a very broad net for anybody that has cerebral palsy. Right. And then we're talking about how, you know, if you, if you're wearing AFOs, right? Which is like, okay, yeah, I wear fos. What's, what's the problem? It can cause issues with actually wearing shoes. So then we introduce the problem of like, how, and this, this video for example, it goes a lot fast.
So compared to the other video, it's not as fast paced, but we're, we're kind of talking about in this video how it's like, you know, wearing shoes is, is, is. Is as a hassle. Right? And a lot of people might not think that wearing shoes as a hassle because you know, they have cerebral palsy. They're just like it, you know?
It is what it is. They're not really pro problem aware. They just understand that, you know, they have cerebral palsy and there's just issues that come with it. But now we're introducing the fact that there's a solution, that there's actually shoes that make it a lot. Easier for you to put on. So a lot of people sometimes just live with a problem, but they set that as just like, oh, this is just normal.
Right? So by us introducing and saying, Hey, for cere people that have cerebral palsy, um, I'm not sure if you know this, but putting, you know, I'm not sure if you've realized, but putting your feet in the shoes is, is just, is so tiring and it, it's exhausting and it's, it's a huge problem. And that's why we introduced Billy's shoes because it makes it possible for us to actually put the shoes on and then we kind of obviously showcase the product.
And then, as you can see. Inclusion for all. And this ad itself had over 800 comments. It's still running, you know, 1,300 shares, 8,000 likes. And a lot of people were commenting like, oh my goodness, I didn't even realize these existed. What an amazing idea. And so that's a better, hopefully it gives you a better understanding of an unaware ad that took people that were, you know, they were aware that they had cerebral palsy, but.
They weren't aware that there was really a problem with putting your shoes on. Okay. A lot of people were just kind of dealing with it, and it is what it is, right? But we introduced that solution. We basically took them from unaware, introduced the problem, provided the solution, showed them the product, and now they're obviously off ready to.
Purchase. So that is the final thing that I wanna mention is that how, where wherever you, you are starting your ad at, you have to carry that conversation forward. So wherever you enter the conversation, so for example, if I enter in solution aware, I have to carry it all the way. Forward. So if I start the ad at Solution Wear, I then have to take the Pro Prospect to Product Aware and then I have to ideally take them to Most Aware.
So that's an example of an ad where you know that unaware ad we started at Unaware and then we moved into Problem Aware and then we moved into the solution wear and then Product Aware. And then most aware if we actually go and look at the Conway and Banks ad, that hockey bag ad that I showed you, we started at Problem Aware.
We didn't introduce the solution, we didn't introduce the product, and then we obviously went through and we actually had an offer at the end of that ad as well. So. That is how market awareness works together. Okay. Just if you want, again, I'm gonna say this at the end of every video, if you wanna learn more about market awareness and, and better understand where your customers are at, uh, dive deeper into it by purchasing, uh, breakthrough Advertising by Eugene Schwartz.
Again, no affiliation with this. This book helped me triple my business and $150 to potentially triple your business is a pretty good deal. Okay, tldr r of this all market awareness is the target market you are going after within a specific desire. Okay.