... If you want to try to scale to a million dollars per month with Facebook ads, you're gonna need some banger creatives. I've helped multiple clients reach a million dollars a month with just Facebook ads alone, so I'm gonna teach you exactly how to do the same with your creatives. So let's kinda play a game. One of these Facebook ads here has made over a hundred thousand, but the question is, which one? And I'm gonna teach you how to create creatives like this that can scale. And if you've watched any of my previous creative strategy classes before, this will be the best one so far. I'm gonna teach you not only how to create it, how to create more versions of it, iterations, and how to scale further beyond a million dollars per month. So one of these ads has made over a hundred thousand. I'm gonna let you guess which one. What I'm gonna do is play each one. The only difference for these three videos is the hook, but let me just play the first version in full first. 

[upbeat music] If you're a parent like me, you know how important it is to have a humidifier at home. That's why I was so excited to find Carepod. Its super simple design not only makes it easy to use, but really easy to clean as well. There are no filters to change, and I can just boil the tank on the stove to sterilize it, and less time cleaning means more time with him. 

Let me play the second hook now. 

As a busy parent, I don't have time to be constantly cleaning and changing filters in my humidifier. That's why- 

Now, for the third hook. 

I was so sick of cleaning my old humidifier. It was way too time-consuming and really gross. That's why I- 

So for these three videos, only the hook is different, as you can see from the previews. The first one starts with, "If you're a parent like me..." The second one starts with, "As a busy parent..." And the third one starts with, "I was so sick of cleaning my old humidifier." If you were to guess, which one would have done the best: the first version, the second version, or the third version? Pause. Anyways, the best one is, "As a busy parent." I'm gonna tell you why it did the best in a while, but before we even look at just the hook itself, you need to look at the overall video. Uh, if you remember what I played a few seconds ago for the overall video, this ad, we consider it a problem-aware ad. When we look at an ad, it's important to know which awareness stage it's for. There's a bunch of different awareness stages, being unaware stage, where people don't even know what the product is or don't even know what their own problem is, to a stage down the funnel, like product-aware, where people already know about your product, they just need a reason to buy. This stage is called problem-aware. People know about the problem already, they just don't know about a solution for it, which is why we introduce our product over here, and our desire is to free up time and spend more time with their kids. This product, there's a lot of different desires. The best one we have tested is just for moms specifically. As you can see, it says, "As a busy parent," for them to free up their time, spend more time with their kids. You guys may have or may not have seen my previous ads, but this winning ad over here is sort of the third iteration of previous existing best ads already. Before I tell you why this one did the best, let me show you what we used to do. Okay. Before that, this was one of our first winning ads, and it was a comparison ad. This was lower down in the funnel in the product-aware stage. Product-aware stage, meaning people already know about, uh, humidifiers; they just don't know which one is the best. All you need to do is tell people why your brand is the best. All we need to do, product comparison ad, other humidifier issues, ours, none of that. Okay? Now we know that this angle is doing the best already, just telling people why ours is the best. Great! The thing with product-aware stages is it's lower down the funnel, which means you can't really scale as hard for it. I think we were doing... No, we did do a few million dollar per month with this ad alone, but scaling further, you need to go upper in the marketing funnel to more unaware stage audiences, where there's more people there. Okay, we know this one is the best already. What did we do next? We know the desire is to keep their child healthy and safe. So the next winning ad we had was this influencer video. This one, we actually didn't give the creator any creative direction. We just found a creator that was already in our niche. They, they were a mom. So this one, we ventured higher in the marketing funnel into a problem-aware market. Why? The desire is to free up time and spend more time with their kids. Same as the current best performer. This one, even the hook starts with, "Parenting must-haves, easy to clean humidifier if you have a kid." Very mom-focused, more problem-aware. Okay. Now that we have this second-best winning ad, the thing is, it was a raw influencer video, meaning this person didn't think of putting this as an ad. She just wanted to film it for her social audience. What we did is we created an ish- iteration of it. We took whatever did the best from here, the problem-aware stage, the desire, why it did well, we broke it down, and we recreated it with our own clips. So for this video over here, we added more clips to make it more relevant when she was speaking. Instead of just influencers talking to the camera, there are relevant clips to show whenever we are talking about a specific point, and we use an AI voiceover for this. Uh, that's why this ad did so well, 'cause we took elements of what already worked the best, and the core desires are the same, awareness stages all the same. So how would you actually go about creating winning ads like this then? Good question. So we're gonna go over my framework of how to create Facebook ads that scale like crazy. Your first step is always your research. The brand that understands their customers the most wins. There's a few ways people like to do customer research. I would say do it as much as possible or whatever method you can have. There's a few ones that I like the most. The first one being a tool called Shoelix. What Shoelix is, it's a tool that scrapes Amazon reviews. So over here, you have an Amazon listing.... you when use Shoelix, it breaks all of it down, okay? All of, all the reviews it's seen, what are the pros, what are the cons, what are people using it for? Good ones, for example, the pros are easy to use. Great. Now, in your ad, you can highlight how it's easy to use or your cons. Let's say your competitor's products are, have poor suction. [notification sound] Your product, you can just say, "Good suction," something like that, which is similar to our previous comparison ad over here. That did very well. All we did was just say why ours was the best, which is cool. Next few steps you wanna do for customer research, go through your customer reviews and ad comments. It's pretty straightforward. Look at your ads, look at what people are saying on the reviews. Very important, people kinda overlook it for some reason. The next one is to watch content on TikTok and YouTube that your target audience watches. So, for example, we are here on TikTok now. I looked up a video for a humidifier. Look at whichever ad did the-- whichever video had the most engagement. Take a look at it, and most importantly, you wanna be taking a look at the comments. What are people saying? For example, this one says, "Mold and mildew." This one says, "Mold again." "Skincare." Okay, all these are great target angles that you can go after. Let's say mold and mildew. Cool. Uh, going back to our sheet, why do people want a humidifier that's easy to clean? 

So there's no mold and mildew. Okay, we already know that. For our ad over here, the issue is that cleaning your humidifier to prevent mold takes a long time, which is what we started off with as a busy parent. Because, uh, realistically, if you're a parent, you have a lot, enough shit trying to take care of your kid already. This shouldn't be one, which is why this ad did so well compared to the others. All right. Besides that, the last one is Atria. You guys may have used or seen a tool called ForePlay as well. Atria is the same thing. We like it much better. All it is, it's a sort of an ad spy tool. You can search whatever brands you like. Let's say you want to look at Cuts Clothing. Search up Cuts, uh, you can see all the ads that they have ran. You can sort by longest running. Usually, the ad that has ran the longest [notification sound] are their best ads, but it's really good for inspiration. We have tried literally just imitating the ads from, let's say, a board like this. It's never worked well. Take inspiration, but don't copy. Uh, you can try. Whenever we did, it didn't work well. You need to put out whatever is unique to your brand, but the way it's presented, the image style, those are fine. Uh, people like me, I'm not a very, uh, creative person, [notification sound] so it helps a lot trying to bring my ideas to life. Cool. Next point, your planning. Now that you have your research done, how do you actually plan out some winning ads? We don't wanna just spam test; we wanna create winning ads. 'Cause each winning ad, for example, might be able to help you scale double, triple, ad KPI. Uh, if you could focus on that, it's much better than just spitballing or whatever you found that looks cool. So before you launch an ad, you need to know what is the market awareness I'm targeting and what are the desires. So over here, for each ad we have, we know the awareness stages, the desires. This way, you can actually break down why the ad did well. Some people on Facebook ads, they take a look at metrics like CTR, CPM, hook rate, et cetera. And those are cool to look at, it's just not very reliable, uh, because it's very easily manipulated. If you've ever seen an ad account with very high CPMs, usually the CTR is very high. Some people will think that, "Oh, this, this ad is, this ad is great, 'cause CTR is very high," but it didn't convert. So the metrics, in that case, not really relevant then. You're breaking down the variables of the ad based on the awareness stages and the desires this way. Much, much, uh, better. Make sure that you have each ad concept planned in the sheet, uh, along with the awareness stages and desires for each of them. This way, you can actually keep track of the variables and which one is working the best. Third step, execution. Now that you have it all planned out, you know how it wants to look like, how do you actually make it look good? Me, as I said, I'm not a very creative person. If I made the ad, it would look like I did it on Microsoft Paint. Uh, I don't think my team would want me to do that, so, uh, there's a few things we use to make our ads really pop. So for people like me, I-- if you want to create static ads, I use templates from Creative OS or Creative Donut. So what these are, let me show you. What Creative OS is, it's basically a whole library of static templates. Like over here, they just kinda pull from templates that the other top brands are using, so they already look really good. All you need to do is go in here, change the headline, change the image. [notification sound] And this way, you can actually make good-looking ads, and that turns me into a graphic designer now. Uh, pretty good, and as for your videos, if you want inspiration for how the video should look like, that's where Atria comes in as well. It's a good tool to look at inspiration for how to arrange your ideas. That's for the execution part of thing. The next one is your learnings. A lot of brands, even eight-figure per year brands I've spoken to, if I ask them, "Okay, actually, for the ads you've tested in the past month, what actually did well, and why did it do well?" They can give me-- they can't really give me a good answer besides just speculating, "Oh, mm, because the hook isn't that good. Well," okay. That's cool, but the thing is, you keep doing the same things over and over again, and you expect different results. How are you gonna scale this way? Which is why you-- when you actually need to be learning, it's very important. Have a feedback loop like this, so you're always learning. So for each ad you have, note down the desires, the awareness stages, the messaging that worked, and I want you to have it in a sheet. For us, let me show you. Each ad we have planned out is inside a sheet like this. So let's say we have ad number one. We say, "Okay, why did it-- why do we think it's gonna do well, the desires and what not? What are we trying to target? Uh, how confident and how easy it is to create?" This way, you know what to prioritize. After we have the ad tested already, we note down it's a losing ad or a winning ad and why. This way, okay, if it's a losing, losing ad, chances are most of your ads are gonna be losing ads. You can learn from it to avoid the same thing. Or if it's a winning ad, great, now you can figure out what about it did so well so you can repeat it.... Uh, this way you actually learn, and you're gonna ha- increase your winning ad rate a whole ton. The last one is just your iterations. Now that you already have a good winning ad, how do you actually improve upon it, create more of them? I would only recommend iterating on an ad concept that's already doing well. There's a few things we can test out: different hooks, different benefits, different personas. Like in this example I showed you over here, right? So this winning ad is the third version of winning ads co- from this initial ad concept over here. We took the learnings, okay, iterate a whole ad concept based on what we've learned. Okay, second one already, winning ad again, iterate based on what we know does the best, and then we came about to our new best winning ad. So let's give me a-- give you a simple, uh, breakdown of how you want to create iterations like this. Okay. Most importantly, each ad concept you test, you'll need three variations to it. Let's say you were to test a i- image ad, you can have three variations where the headline is the same, just different images you're using. This way, uh, a lot of people, they spend a lot of money on their ads. Let's say you want to create a UGC ad, right? You spend a few hundred dollars on a creator to create it. It didn't do well, and then you just kinda shoot it down. The thing is, it might have done well, it's just your hooks are bad. So having it test with three different variations gives it the best chance of performing. Okay, so we test it this way, three variations. I like to start with your, uh, images or the video hook first. That tends to have the biggest impact. Let's say this test over here, test three images first. You find out, okay, headline one, image one did the best. What's next? Now you can test different headlines. Okay? Same image for the next three variations, just different headlines. Okay, now I found headline three and image one is the best. Uh, based on the ite- iterations I've tested, I have a new best performer now. Okay, so a lot of other things you can test as well besides just the, the headline, the image. You can test the benefits or the video hook. A video hook refers to the... So the video hook is the first three seconds of the video. Video hook is the rest three, not the rest three, the rest of the video, and the benefits, uh, in the video or the benefits on the image itself. The last one you can test is a persona. This one is, um, later down the line when you already have a good concept that's working well. So let's say you have a video ad that's working well with a White woman. Okay, you found the best variations around it. Now you can test it. Instead of a White woman, you have a Black woman recreated, an Asian woman recreated. This way, you hit different targets, uh, different pockets of audiences. But this is the breakdown of how you want to create winning ads that can scale to a million dollars per month. Uh, hopefully, this gave you guys a lot of value. This is the exact processes we use for all of our clients and how we scale multiple clients to a million dollars per month.