... All right, guys. So in this video, I am very, very excited to actually give you a sneak peek inside of one of our agency learning calls to help you guys better understand s- part of our process and what we do as a team. It's obviously just a lot of me yapping when I jump on those learnings calls. It's usually the first time that I'm... I don't wanna say the first time I'm seeing creatives, but a lot of the times it's, you know, when I'm having time to sit down with the team and actually review some of the work that we did from the previous week for our brands. And so I just wanna show this to you guys. Now, keep in mind that this is an Evolve exclusive, okay? So don't be an asshole, don't go sharing this video and that kind of stuff. These are clients of the agency, and we obviously trust you guys by showing you the insights on this stuff, okay? Um, obviously, we're very, you know, very, very protective of our clients and their data and stuff like that. So if this gets thrown around anywhere, these types of videos will never happen again, um, and we'll have to be a lot more gatekeeping unless you [chuckles] join our, our annual program, which is coming soon, where, you know, obviously we trust the people that are gonna be there. But the point is, is I'm trying to provide as much value and as much insights into what is going on at the agency, to help you guys better understand how we're improving our hit rate, how we're actually able to create more winning ads. And of course, there are some brands that are spending really big numbers with us that we unfortunately cannot show 'cause they have asked to not be shown. Um, with that said, we still have some brands that are okay with it, and, uh, we are showing you, uh, some medium-sized accounts here, one spending about forty thousand a week, and then the other spending around ten, or around twenty thousand a week, something like that. So, um, decent-sized accounts for you guys to, to pull learnings from. So it doesn't matter if you're spending thirty thousand or forty thousand a day, or if you're spending a thousand dollars a day, this is creative review. So I want you guys to see how myself and the team are going through the ads, taking a look at things, and drawing learnings to come up with new iterations, to come up with new ideas, regardless of them actually being winning ads, okay? These are all losing ads that we are processing, okay? Processing learnings on winning ads is a must, and we will likely have some videos coming out on that as well. But... Well, we actually already have a video on that, it should be above this one. But this is an, [chuckles] a video on how to process, uh, you know, learnings on losers, which is going to happen a lot more of the time, so that way you guys can learn from your mistakes, and you are able to make more winning ads. So I hope you guys enjoy this video. It's about ten minutes long, and I really, really want you guys to pay attention to this, 'cause this is boring stuff, but I'm telling you, feedback loops are so crucial for your guys' actual development, okay? If you guys actually wanna become a better marketer, you gotta know where you're fucking up, and you gotta know when you need to make changes, and you gotta know why your ads aren't working, okay? So with all that said, I hope you enjoy. 

I was very disappointed to see that it didn't get any spend in CBO. 

[chuckles] That is wrong. Let's try to figure out, what, what was, what was the hook rate? Um, fuck's sakes. 

It was very low. I think hook rate and hold rate were, like, insanely low. 

Oh, that's really interesting. 

Yeah, sixteen percent. 

Yeah. 

Try to just make the hook better? 

[chime] 'Cause I would like to retest this. I feel like it's a really good concept, but we'll just need to 

clean up the hook. 

Yeah. You guys, what do you think? My volume always gets cranked. Are you guys ready? 

NASA scientists did research on how to enter the flow state. Here's what they- 

I feel like it... What if we just started with how, "Here's how to enter the flow state?" 

Mm, yeah. 

Yeah, maybe people, I don't know. 

Re-test that. 

Maybe- 

Within it, I think. We mentioned that in all three. 

I feel like if we just said, uh, "Here's how to enter the..." Like, that could just be a quick cut that we make and just relaunch. [chime] Facebook, for fuck's sakes. 

NASA spent millions studying why- 

Yeah, like, I feel like unless you're really into NASA, which our avatar might not be, 'cause they're probably a little bit more like construction market guys, [chuckles] than fuck NASA. 

During the Apollo era, NASA just- 

Yeah. Same thing with like- 

Yeah 

... what the fuck's the Apollo era? Like, I have no idea. 

Mm. 

Boring. Boring. [laughing] I'm just kidding. 

Yeah, that is- 

It's actually interesting to me, but... 

NASA scientists did research on how to enter the fl- 

Yeah, I'm just wondering if we just said, like, "Here's how to enter the flow state," or like, "Here's how to lock the fuck in." [chuckles] 

And then, and then we get... Yeah, and then we get to this, to the story part. 

Yeah. 

Yeah. 

It's time to do that. 'Cause I, I find that, like, compare that to, you know, what's winning. Um, so- 

Yes 

... I think we just need to fix the hook. That's it. 

Like, just one version, "Here's how to enter the flow state," and then one, "Here's how to get locked in," and then third is, like, I don't know. 

Something, maybe something with mushrooms. "Here's what mushroom and NASA... Here's what mushrooms and NASA have in common," or something like that. 

"Here's what mushrooms do to your brain." 

Something like that, yeah. 

NASA scientists did research on how to enter the flow state. Here's what they found out. When scientists monitored the brain wave... NASA scientists- 

We could also say, like, "Here's why you should care," something like that, rather than, "Here's how- 

Mm. 

... Here's what they found out." 

Yeah. 

Yeah, just, just have a better bridge. 

Just did research on how to enter the flow state. Here's what they found out. When scientists monitored the brainwaves of candidates during high-pressure simulations, a remarkable discovery was made. 

Well, I think we could just make those hooks more about the people, rather than, like, kind of- 

Yeah 

... I think, I think this was a good, good approach to see, like, if we could hook people in with, like, something cool that NASA did, but I- it- I guess they just don't care about that, so... Or at least our customer doesn't. 

Yeah. 

So I think, I think we put too much work into this to just throw it away, so let's definitely try to revise the hooks, and we can look at that on Monday with some fresh brains and put it- 

Yeah 

... put it into working. 

Hundred percent. 

That's why we do learnings. Um, is Nick healthy? This one started getting spent, um, but got turned off, right? 

Um, yes, it got, like, 4K in spend.

... I think overall, in the first couple days, I think it just, it throttled a lot of spend, but I think it was like a 1 point- 

This hold rate is tragic. [laughing] 

Yeah, it was like a 1.2 or- 

What happened here, boys? Let's figure this one out. 

[upbeat music] Do you feel like maybe we need to try to do more storytelling on this instead of this, like, nic versus flow comparison style video? 

Yeah, I think, I think we can do the exact same thing, like just text on screen, but it can be like, you know, more word-based than explaining. 'Cause I think people kind of expected some kind of explanation. 

100%, like, and they're just like: "Well, what the fuck is this shit?" I'm gonna add a tag that just says like iteration, 100%. 'Cause I mean, bro, this hook, this hook was punching. [upbeat music] And it was just like, kind of weird. So yeah, I think we just do a text on screen. Like, look at that, bro, that's cra- a 40% [chuckles] OCR in a three hold is fucking shocking. 

Yeah. 

Holy. 

Easy, but you might as well- 

Even then, the metrics were pretty fucking solid, so 

we just fixed the hold, and we have another fucking banger here. 

Yep. 

So what was the other one? 

I just wrote that down as well. 

Our pouch is healthy, and then this one was 

what- 

Yeah, I'm surprised this one didn't get, like, the, the highest hold rate, but... I'm sorry, hold hook rate. 

So is Nic healthy is the best one? Yeah. [clears throat] I think that just answers the question right away. Mm-hmm. 

So, like, do, do three more hooks focused on just on nicotine? 

Yeah, I would. Is... And then you could, you, you could even try, like, smaller swings, like, is nicotine actually heal- healthy or something like that? 

Yeah. 

Um, yeah, Kat can cook or Claude can cook 

on that one. 'Cause, yeah, the, the- these aren't working, so you could use the same visual, just try three different headlines maybe and see- 

Yep 

... 'cause obviously it's more an iteration, but you could also try different, uh, visuals if you feel like they're more congruent. 

Yep. 

Okay, sick. Cool. We spent [chuckles] $3, what the fuck? What were these ones? I actually like the Waze. I, I, I was getting these in Canada, I thought they were sick. 

We spent 360 this week with no purchases? That's tough. It's in Canada. Okay, probably process that one. 

Mini AI voiceover was also tested. 

This was turned off already, right? 

Yeah, it was. Yep. 

Cool. 

That one didn't get, um- 

No spend 

... Spend like that? Yeah. 

What about this? Oh, that's a client ad, right, that is completed. We'll leave those two for now. What do, what do we think about this one here? Why didn't this work? 

Uh, let me double-check. 

Same headline, huh? Mm. 

I think the hook's too long here, probably. 

If you have a humidifier at home, let me show you something that actually- 

Kinda looks like a vape. 

Mm. 

Let me look up the, the top performer. 

If you have a humidifier at home, I know you know that feeling when you take a look inside. 

Hmm, feel like the germaphobe call-out is- 

If you have a humidifier at home, let me show you something... If you have a humidifier at home, let me show you something- 

I think, I think the base is just a lot stronger 

... that actually blew my mind. You know- 

Like, you can actually- 

Yeah 

... see, you can actually- 

Mm 

... see the mold right away. 

If you have a humidifier at home, I know you know that feeling when you take a look inside. 

I also feel like it's such a small thing, but, like, we cut off of that first clip in three seconds, and we were, like, almost on this clip for, for, like, five seconds. 

Yeah, that could be it as well. 

Just, like, very slow. Um- 

Yeah. 

But yeah, I feel like- 

If you have a hu- 

Did- uh, we, we had to have tested, uh, a moldy one, no? 

If you have a humidifier. 

Kid. 

Mm. We have plenty to, I think, um- 

If you have a humidifier at home. 

Yeah, I probably... I mean, was there a reason, Carlo, you guys didn't, um, try a germaphobe tag on that? 

I'm not sure, actually. I, I knew we wanted to take different swings with like... I think one was a kid, one was kind of cozy vibes and, like, you know, just relaxing, and then one was, um- 

Did we, did we try, like, a nursery home must-have, cozy home must-have? 

That was supposed to be the, the third one, cozy home must-have. 

But what, we didn't say nursery? 

Yeah. 

Nursery room must-have. Like, that to me seems like the simplest one. I know the nursery visuals never really did anything, but I mean, this is just- 

Yeah, I don't think nursery is, like, a strong word particularly. 

Why? What do you mean? 

I mean, is, is, is that something that, like, would get attention? I don't know. 

If you have a nursery, I would assume so, 'cause it's like a sacred area, you know? 

Yeah, that, yeah, that makes sense. 

But I think, yeah, this one works really well just 'cause it's a germaphobe must-have. I think this hook still works on the Mini, 'cause we could just say, like, see-through humidifier or, like, transparent humidifier, and then we just can talk about the same shit, but we could just talk about how this one's see-through. I don't know if we actually did that, though. 

If you have a humidifier at home, let me show you something that actually blew my mind. You know, when your humidifier gets all gross, and you can't clean those impossible corners? I've been wanting to upgrade to one of those doctor-designed Care Pod humidifiers for ages. I'm so glad I went with them. 

What if we just said, like, a doctor-designed, like, transparent one, or, like, someone was smart enough to just make it transparent? 'Cause I feel like that's, that's the angle for, for the Mini. You know what I'm saying? Like Sean mentioned. 

Yep. Yep. 

I think we maybe just dropped the ball on this one a little bit, from my perspective. 

Yeah. 

But other than saying the doctor-designed Care Pod ones, or, or were you about to transition this to saying that they were- the other ones were too expensive? 

Yeah. 

The Mini model- 

I like the transparent one 

... easily comes apart. 

I wrote that down. 

No weird corners or spots you can't reach. This is a- 

Yeah, I think that's an easy iteration, and I think we just need to... We could go with the germaphobe one, you know? 

Yeah. 

And then rather than staying the stainless humidifier, it's just like a transparent humidifier. 

See-through? Yeah, I like that. 

Yeah, see-through humidifier. I would also try a nursery room must-have. 'Cause also, I was just gonna say, like, we, we tested the parenting one. Cozy home is kind of weird, but I kind of get it. You could also maybe try, like, studio apartment must-have, you know? Like, something that's just more relatable, if you actually have a studio apartment. 

Yeah. Maybe just- 

Maybe maybe try- 

Yeah. 

Go ahead. 

Wanted to say maybe just apartment must-have. Maybe studio- 

I think studio maybe feels more personal. 

I, I, I know what you mean. 

Yeah. 

Yeah, I know what you mean, yeah. 

'Cause it's smaller, you know what I mean? 

Yeah. 

Um, but yeah, I think we could try the germaphobe one, and maybe there's a different one that we can get into. Um, you could try keeping, "Does the humidifier making you sick?" But I mean, it got 10 bucks in spend. I just think the big s- the big seller is, like, someone was smart enough, kind of like what we did with the stainless steels, like, someone was smart enough to make this transparent. 

I like that. Yeah, yeah, I like that. We're gonna do that, for sure.