doesn't work. Doesn't work. Test a lot of structure like we don't have like a fixed structure. Sometimes we we test with CBO. It depends on the brand. It depends on networking. Facebook. They say all publicity is good to visit. There's also something interesting. If you spy on the same brand, but on different platforms, you will find other ads that they're not running on Meta, they're running on YouTube. And you'll find like some good ads that you can swipe and use on Meta, and they will be killer ads. I don't know why they're not using them there, but I am. Limited creative. Foreigian [Music] America. Hi everyone. you start. Okay. Okay. So, yeah. Uh I'll do it in English just to be more comfortable. So, yeah. Uh Bel come from Tunisia and uh been in the ecom game since 2019. um multiple eight figures in uh in revenue. We mostly in the health niche uh just because uh I know so much about health and biohacking and they like to be uh in the health niche. Um yeah uh the strategy is mostly paid paid ads. Uh we don't do influencer, we don't do um any of the organic stuff. It's it's all paid uh mostly meta but in the recent years we also started doing YouTube um started crushing it on YouTube and um uploading for a short period before they started to ban before they start to ban everyone. But yeah, uh overall uh we we are good in direct response uh creative strategy and um finding uh creative product ideas. [Music] Tik Toklement Tik Tok Tik Tok. Yeah, we're getting into it right now like at this moment. But yeah, we never tried. didn't try cuz there was some friction about how to open the tik tok shop in US uh when you are not US resident and there are a few difficulties that we had to overcome that's the main reason Okay. Yeah, I think it's a mix of funnel and and creative. Uh yeah, obviously there's the copyrightiting side. Um I think it's the most important side like and then the offer. H that's a great question. Um, I think you should do like really really good research and you should have like you should have someone who's really really good at writing and then I mean you take feedback from the customers you iterate on it and yeah I think when you say writing many people I don't know because you said your your audience is more used to doing um ecom in Europe and less so um so less comfortable with direct response. Right? M so what I wanted to just clarify when you say writing you shouldn't be really good at creative writing or like all of the stuff that people associate with okay I can do copyrightiting uh because um yeah probably I'm French French speaking uh by the way we're not uh like native English speakers so uh English is just our third language but we still were able to learn how to write good copy because it's not about really the the writing or the grammar or like all that stuff. Especially now with AI, it can take care of all that stuff. But what you should how you should see it is like building blocks that you should um uh research, you should uh put together and then once you get those building blocks, then writing is the easiest part. So that's why um everyone needs to know that it's not that hard to get started with direct response copyrightiting even if you you're not like a native English speaker or uh yeah it's it's just especially with AI now it's it's become much much easier. Yeah that's that's the point that I wanted to clarify. It's not about you need to be a very good writer like okay you you've written best-selling books or or even like you write essays or it's not that type of writing. It's It's a bit different. So, yeah. Um, first of all, I'm big on swiping. So, I have like a huge list of brands that I always swipe like their ads. I give those uh winning ads from winning brands to Claude. Yeah, for play I use Can I name names? Yeah. Okay. I use Get Hooked, Foreplay. I use AdSie. Um, yeah, I think that's it. Foreplay and then on a sheet. Yeah, I prefer to have like both. Mhm. Um, yeah, I give those winning ads to Claude. I have a project on Claude. It's better to have a project than just a normal like chat because you can feed um the bot your your data like everything about your brand like comments under your ads um customer reviews um all of that shebang and you give him the winning ads and you just tell him to swipe and then of course I revise after him. I don't just like copy and paste. But yeah, it's it's a good way like to start writing. Yeah. Doesn't work. Oh yeah. So that's that's something that everyone uh not everyone but many people confuse is that they think with AI they can skip the marketing training, the copyrightiting training. Uh for example, my brother had that um uh belief because I was I he's also getting into e-commerce. He's been like uh um trying to help us uh in the business, trying to learn marketing, copyrightiting. And his belief is because he's getting into the game at this uh at this point, then he he could skip all of that copyrightiting or like uh basic marketing training because now we have the AI. Okay, you can just skip the AI. But then like it turned to him very clear that if you don't have the knowledge and you really know uh at least the principles um and you have that um intuition u better than the the AI. I mean you could the AI could be better at writing than yourself but you need to be better in marketing so you can really evaluate what's uh what's good and what's not. So we can re iterate because it's it's a very AI is a very good tool for having like a like a right hand uh for like writing or research or everything but you still at this point need to have the the vision and know what's good what's not what needs to be uh changed. So yeah um [Music] I have something old school which is just handwriting, hand copying the the ad, hand copying the your competitor's ad, some of the best ads. Um, yeah, it's it's it sounds simple. It might sound weird, but it's it's very because that's that's a good way to get all of that stuff into your subconscious mind. And also you need to have some basic theory like for example um read some copyrightiting books gards breakthrough advertising uh or even nowadays maybe you don't have to read the books just go to um claude or shaded GPT or Gemini whatever AI you prefer okay teach me about direct response copyrightiting okay what are the what are the principles at least you need to have some framework some um u mind map about okay what are the principles what's what's the theory behind it and then what what really builds the intuition is uh I think hand copying consuming like consumption is is what builds uh uh the intuition and of course experience like also some of that stuff comes with with practice with being in uh being consistent uh trying to make make this stuff copyrighting. [Music] shorts. Okay. foreign. Okay. [Music] similar web to see like how much are they really scaling. Um yeah, ads library. Just search like keywords the competitor use in in his ads. Maybe you'll find more competitors that are selling the same product or similar one. I think yeah, that's it. foreign. Mhm. Yeah, we can even go further to go to industries that are totally unrelated and you bring the principles you you use it in in health or supplement and like you said it it can really crush it. Yeah, we do exactly what you said. Um, I try to search on every platform possible because sometimes I find like stuff on Gethoo that I don't find on foreplay and sometimes I find like good stuff in ads library itself. It takes more time but sometimes I really find like brands that no one knows about. [Music] for library. Spyool [Music] Yeah, I would I would start with get hooked and foreplay because I can narrow the search like I can search by um ad performance and then when I when I'm sure about the niche and I'm sure about the the product then I take the keywords from their ad copies and on ads by and ads library. That's how I do it. Yeah. [Music] Fore for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Abs. Absolutely. Um so just just one thing regarding the swiping. Um, we mentioned that having a swipe file and copying your computer's ad and everything, it's good for you uh for to learn and everything, but it's also very good for using AI. Uh, I came to learn that the most important thing when using AI is having examples in the prompt. Uh, you should have at least five examples of the thing that you want the AI to create. And that's where like it's it's a you get like a uh double uh hit when you uh you get the swipe file. Uh you can of course like learn more but also you can get the exact examples. For example, you can have okay headlines which headlines of these competitors uh I like and you you feed to and a headline generating AI because we prefer to have AI bots that are specialized for example one for the headlines, one for the hook, one for uh for the lead, one for the offer for uh research. So we have like specialized uh bots basically specialized prompts that's uh that's what it is really uh and projects inside and GPT so they can learn Yeah. Yeah. That's very important to have specialized um intelligence units. Let's say for copyrightiting but for research for example deep research is is the best out there. Um yeah different AIS for different things. Gemini very good for whenever you want to feed a big chunk of data because it has the 1 million um context window. Uh and so whenever also one one trick uh that I learned uh uh very recently is to give the same prompt to all the AIS like for example Grog um Gemini, Shad GPT, Claude, uh all the frontier models and then take all the replies from all of them, feed it to Gemini because it has the longest context window and tell it to just take the best from each reply and make something coherent. And again, we're only speaking about one thing. For example, you do it for headline. You don't do it for like a whole advertorial or whole ad, but for something very narrow. And of course, the the prompt needs to be very good for that. Uh so yeah, that's something that really creates very good results like using many um uh chat bots at the same time and then collecting everything in in one reply. Uh yeah. Um so first prompts uh are things that you should work on improving like any asset in your business. And the prompt I mean you can you can start from zero or you can take some prompts from other people that work but you shouldn't stop there you should keep iterating for example for how do you iterate on a prompt you you give a prompt to AI you see a result that something you don't like you add that thing that you don't like to the prompt you tell you tell it okay we don't then we don't like this detail that you you did with this sur and then with time your prompt will become more and more and more uh better at producing the result that you want. And it's it's there are some principles for prompting. You need to give context. Um examples are very very important like best that's the most important thing is giving like five to seven examples at least. Um Yes. Because um language is limited like you are limited by how much you can describe what you're looking for. But with example, it's like we say like an image is worth a a thousand word. Uh an example is also worth a thousand word. And it just allows you to go uh to tell the um machine learning algorithm that we you're dealing with what exactly do you want. And that example is already encompassing all the dimensions uh that you don't necessarily see and you can't necessarily explain using just words. For example, like there are many hidden um implications in an ad. For example, how there there's a spectrum on how u the language is uh for example, how formal or informal or how uh or the tone or there are all sort of details that okay you can try to capture them all in the prompt. Okay, make this ad that's this level of formality, this level of reading level, this level of this, this level and you try to find tune it or just give an example which already encompasses all of those dimensions. So that's why like I I just learned that examples are probably the most important thing for uh for for for a prompt. And then of course uh iteration that I mentioned you don't you don't like something okay add to the prompt so the next time you you use that prompt you won't see that that problem. Mhm. Um yeah what the context like giving very good context about what's your product what you're trying to achieve what's what is where will this piece of content will fit in your funnel. Uh yeah, just just imagine you're you're dealing with with a human being who's never worked at your business. Never like one trick also that works very well. Sometimes like there are agencies, you know, when you start working with a let's say an ad agency like a um creative agency or all that stuff, they send you an onboarding form, right? You can use those onboarding forms that the agencies give because those onboarding forms they they agencies tested a lot of times. They know that they with those forms they can capture the necessary data for their creative strategies or their copyrightiting to uh do a good job and understand your brand. you can use those forms. uh you you can fill it as if you will work with an agency but then you just upload it in a closed project and now you that closed project is is like your agency and in addition to the prompt in addition to the uh example but this that's very good that like having a a form a questionnaire that you fill uh and you can also start with just GPT or claude you tell okay what should I tell you about my product. So you write the best copy and then it gives you a list and then you can fill that form. So like you can start completely from scratch. Let's say you don't have any prompt. You just tell okay what do you need? What context do you need? And and then it it helps you build the prompt. So there are many ways uh of of doing that. But know that even if you're starting from scratch, AI itself can help you build your prompt, build your project, build your uh system uh message like the the one the instructions in the project. If if you ever use the pro cloud project or say GPT projects, you have the knowledge base and you have the uh instructions for that project and even that you can generate it with the AI itself and it's it's a recursive thing and then whenever it it generates something that you like you add it to the project files and it it keeps learning and it keeps improving. That's I think that's the way that uh people who are savvy about AI and knowledgeable how how they use AI nowadays. That's that's what I learned. Yeah. Um, the reason why I said Gemini, um, because it can deal with a lot of context while still being accurate, but for headlines, it's not a lot of uh text. So you can just use cloud which is I think the best in terms of um how human it is how grounded it is uh it's best suited at giving you something that a human would like than let's say shy GPT or uh other models. So I think for headlines you just give all of the headlines you have to claw and just okay brainstorm with it. Okay, what if we pick all of the those like the good things about these headlines? How Yeah, it's just um you can you can just be very creative on how you deal with AI. That's very important. And then you have to pick it yourself obviously like don't be lazy. Yeah, don't be lazy. That's that's that's that's something that's very important. Many people they just outsource their brain and thinking and everything to AI and maybe one day we will be able to do that but it's not today for sure. It's not there yet. like to to make like creative from scratch or the whole process. You mean the whole process to process? Okay. The way I I look at it is like um divided into three parts. The first part is creating stuff like from scratch. It's very important. And the second part is iterating like doing iterations on the ads that already worked. And the third part is creating variations which is not the same thing as iterations in my mind. Um the first part I just like to be honest I just swipe or um yeah I mostly swipe. I swipe like from direct competitors, indirect competitors or even like very far niches just like we discussed earlier and then I take those winners. I I iterate on them um with motion. I use motion. It's really a good like it's a good tool to look at data the right way like it yeah it makes you understand data more more than uh ads manager itself. motion. Okay, my favorites are um it allows me to look at data in a different way than ads manager. Like for example, I can compare all the ads in my in my motion board. I can see like okay why why this ad has a higher conversion rate? How can I put that element that made it have a high conversion rate in all of my other ads? like I can see the whole the whole board in a clear way. The UI is more friendly definitely in in motion. I mean you can get it from ads manager, you can get it in cheat, but the UI is is very friendly and uh yeah it's it's easy to they built it for for that thing. Mhm. [Music] Yeah, I swipe. [Music] Yeah. For example. Yeah. Or sometimes just even ad structures like I watch an ad like even if I'm selling a supplement, I watch an ad like that's selling perfumes and I see a good structure um and I just swipe the structure, you know. Once maybe one time a week come what? commander. Ah, I get lost. Sometimes I do like three hours, sometimes I do I think more. You don't you don't realize how much you spend sometimes in research. I spend like 12 hours. I she she likes your research like Nikico. You're scrolling. Yeah. It's like Yeah. No, no, I don't do it. No, but I swear it's really beneficial. Sometimes I'm like, "Oh my god, I don't want to just scroll on ads library. I need to do like some work." But then when I do scroll and I find like some bangers, it's worth it's worth the 12 hours. Yeah. The third thing is taking winners and do doing like okay for example you have a winning ad. I have an ad that worked for a t-shirt. I take the same ad and I write it for a pants or a short or something else. You see like I'm creating the variations. Huh? Sub angles. No, just variations from my ad like with different angles. Or for example, I have an ad that worked with a with a certain UGC creator, like a 60year-old UGC creator. I do the same ad with a 20 yearear-old girl. Okay. [Music] I actually do the opposite. I do like if my ad if the usually creator is a blonde girl, I do like a black girl. I do so more diversity. Okay. Okay. Okay. [Music] And sometimes, this is crazy, but a certain ad worked with a black woman and it didn't work with a white woman and another ad worked like with a white woman, didn't work with a black one. I tried Asian creators. I tried like older like 60 year old creators, 40 year old and like different, of course, depending on your product, what kind of demographics it appeals to. Different ads like appeal to different people. Yeah. Faces. Faces appeal to different people. Different. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's one thing. I don't think about it that way. But I would say if you do if you do like less than 25 per week, like you're crazy. You know, people are doing hundreds of ads. But I I don't think about it that way. I think about it like I should I should implement every idea that I have and I usually have many ideas per week. So I implement I try to implement all of them. And I think that we should like a better way to do it is just to calculate like to have a this is not something that we're doing but this is something that uh we will implement soon is to know your hit rate, know how much your hits spend on average. Know your target, how much revenue, how much growth you want to do. And from that you you set the target of ads to to try. Uh it's not you need first you need a lot of data to do statistics. [Music] media buying I don't know other factors. Yeah. global top Winning global trade. That's perfect. Aesthetics. Yeah. And I feel like sometimes the hit rate is really good because you're iterating on winning ads. And if you look at the data and you'll be like, "Oh, okay. The hit rate is good. I should stop creating ads from scratch because I'm not sure they will work or or not." And then you end up like six months later you like your your ad account is dying and because you you didn't test new like concepts or new ideas. I feel like even if testing new things makes your hit rate go low, you should still test new things. Mhm. Yeah. I think I think you need some standardized way to to do it. I think what you said is really good. Um, I think I'm going to build on it and think about it this way cuz yeah, you need some kind of way to calculate the hit rate without skewing the the the hit rate. At first, you need a lot of enough data at least to calculate do the statistics and also you need a way to like you said to not skew the data like take the right samples and everything. I mean it's like it's like in you know statistics and and science they they do that all the time. Um they need to make sure that the the sample they take is not skewed and everything so that the the heat rate you you see is a is a meaningful number. Yeah. So yeah I think I think what you said is really really important. We're not doing it again to be honest. People are happy and and they be like I say we're not paying them. They be like saying like good things and I'm like yes please and sometimes they be fighting like sometimes they be like oh this thing it's a scam and our customer answers no because I tried this and it worked and then I'm like okay thank you guys I don't have to do it you're doing it I think you could also do the same thing you can provoke the same response like try to do something controversial in the ad which brings the engagement up and it seems that having more engagement makes meta spends more. Uh so yeah, I also got to learn last year's that engagement is very important. Mhm. Uh so yeah, having those controversial ads like you said, maybe just having strategy for comments, which is something I'm interested about because I think when you just launch a new brand, you don't have all that social proof. I think that helps to have um certain strategy to bootstrap that engagement. Um [Music] for sure they do read. I used to think when I first started that they don't, but they do. They do read it. Yeah. Yeah. Forever [Music] they say all publicity is good. good positivity. So yeah any [Music] very important but it depends if people are saying oh this is a scam or like some some keywords that meta they will care. But if if they're just fighting about something, arguing about something or like Yeah. I think it's good to have something polarizing or uh provocative. Uh yeah, all all the like big brands like even in TV advertising sometimes they do it. Uh some like yeah, some things that if you want to um capture attention like hooks I think they should they should be controversial like uh I saw many examples that very very controversial uh and and they work very well. Yeah, very very simple. Uh we just uh we have a campaign for testing and then um that so we tried to it's not something that's set in stone. We we we like to test a lot of a lot of structure like we don't have like a fixed structure. Uh sometimes we we test with CBO. Um, it depends on the brand. It depends on networking. That time we test with CBU and then we scale also with CBU, sometimes with ABU, sometimes I I don't think that's very important. It's just something we like to get a feel for the ad account and see what's working and then just keep doing it. But I don't think it's that important to be honest. I think the most important thing is is creative. Um it's important to have uh a process to not let u unprofitable ads spend. But I think that's about it. I don't think like this structure the extra structure is very important. for [Music] I agree with you. Yeah, same. I don't tolerate uh um not u like yeah low performing ads but at the same time I I hear what people say. I think I think they have some point there because it's a game of short-term versus long-term thinking. Um there could be a long-term benefit in letting those ads that are unprofitable. Maybe they're bringing a lot of reach. Maybe you can retarget later. Maybe that's something I think that we still didn't figure out yet. How to know if an ad that's unprofitable is worth turning off or or no. For now, we just turn off because we won't we just want to be cash positive and everything. But I think for bigger brands they there is an argument to make there about uh letting unprofitable ads because one you get your competitor out of the auction out of the game when you just even if you spend break even or like a bit unprofitable on some ads that have very good uh engagement. You can just um get them out of the uh auction. You can bully them. And also there is a long-term benefit to that. But I just don't like to uh do things that I cannot measure. So that's why I think I still have to figure out how to best deal with low performing ads that Meta just likes and wants to spend uh indefinitely. And I think it depends on the brand because in our case our customers buy from the first time they watch the ad. Like most of the times they just watch the ad and buy most of the time. Yeah. How how impulsive your your customers are is very important. Some brands like customers maybe they need to watch like two three ads to buy and in their case maybe they can keep the ads running even if they're unprofitable. But in in our case like that they again on your brand like the people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But not not that much. It's not consumable. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Cost cap is really nice. Yeah. For scale. As soon as you find something, if you want to really maximize the upside and limit the downside, cost cap is is really good or even like a target r. We test both. But yeah, it's it's it's a very important tool uh because it's it's just straightforward. You tell me, okay, we want um this we're willing to pay this much and we have an unlimited budget. We like we we do cost caps with astronomical budget like uh $100,000 on an adset u and we give it cost cap and then yeah sometimes yeah just one cost cap like brings most of the scale for for a day uh because like Meta likes to spend on that one that day and it brings good results and yeah advantage. Mhm. [Music] sweet spot. Okay. [Music] Supreme Yeah, don't spend that. But yeah, same thing. Same thing. We've been doing that for the past two years or so. Um, yeah, one of the most successful strategies. Yeah, the the thing that I don't pay attention to is okay. Advantage plus, CBO, [ __ ] I I don't know. I don't I don't feel it's really significant. Um people always fight about it. Yeah. Yeah. Bit control I think is important. Cost control like because Yeah, it's just a way to tell meta these are our goals. Go get them. And creative I think that's the most important thing. and not not letting unprofitable ads spend like freely. I think it's also very important I don't know about that. Yeah, I don't know about that. But it's really interesting to only do one at the count. We tried this one time and that's very interesting. But yeah, maybe should be on different BM, right? Not not the same BM. We tried on the same on the same BM. We also tried that with the Yeah. But it's interesting. It's something that they want to follow up after even same post ID. Simple. Winners winners. It's very interesting. Yeah, all of this stuff is very interesting especially when you launch something new I think because you need to bootstrap, you need to push uh and that's when these tricks become very important like the engagement, the ad account. Yeah, it's Yeah. [Music] That's very interesting for sure. Yeah. You never know. Well, um same ideas uh but on the same script only like everything same but we just there are some things in um that are platform specific for example if you go to uplo and you have the end card and that's something that you need to focus on keep the same ad idea from meta try to keep it as much as same as it is but of course you have limitations for example how the the duration. Some platforms have a limitation on duration, aspect ratio. There are those limitations, but you try to keep the same concept because it's it's proven. Uh and then you just need to study that platform to make it native to that platform. Uh for example, like YouTube, they they what works is um high quality. Yeah. They don't like like iPhone 6 or something. But now it's starting to work now. with demon short. Yeah. Yeah. With shorts is good shorts. Mostly YouTube. I mean you can still make UGC ads but you have to mix with like studio shot scenes of your product. Like it it needs to seem like a high quality brand. They they don't like like drop shipping stuff. Yeah. You should also increase the volume in YouTube. Um what else? Volume I mean? Yeah. You should increase the volume of the Oh yeah. Literally the sound like it should be it should be people listen to music on YouTube like always remember that they listen to music and then your ad is like whispering they they will just skip you know I think I think you just you can crush it on any platform just with common sense just putting your like just try what by common sense what I mean is just uh uh try to make your ad native to that platform and imagine people who are using that platform. How are you they using it and you're going to interrupt them in the routine and how it's going to be as frictionless as seamless as as possible. Um that's it. That's how you get into any for example if you want to do native okay go see the um news websites and and try to make your editorial like a news website and that works. Um so yeah uploven YouTube anything I think just you can figure out just with this uh uh principle in terms of creative I think there's also something interesting if you spy on a same on the same brand but on different platforms you will find other ads that they're not running on meta they're running on YouTube or or yeah just YouTube I just spy on YouTube and you'll find like some good ads that you can swipe and use on meta and they will be killer ads. I don't know why they're not using them there, but I am using them. Sometimes they have different agencies for different platforms. Yeah, they have like big brands, they have different agencies where they have an YouTube agency, they have a Tik Tok agency and they don't communicate perfectly between them. You should take like the winners from Tik Tok, put them on Facebook, winners on from Facebook, put them on Tik Tok and like winner ads should be everywhere. Mhm. Google, [Music] YouTube, I totally agree. platform Maximum. Oh, you still have it. What should we do to just keep the account? That's very That's very important. You got the email as well. So shut down. They told us the same. I I don't They just decided to They told us the same thing. They asked that uh they asked us about our doctor, which is a real doctor. Um, by the way, they they asked us if he's real or not, and we sent them the videos where the documentation and everything. Yeah. And they said, "Okay, everything is good." And then two months later, they just stabbed us in the back. A lot. Yeah. A lot. At at some point more than meta. Much more. Was it just No. Yeah. Uh yeah, this this I just um got into AI automation and everything. I think that everyone should pay attention to uh u AI workflows um to automate uh business. So NA10 and all that stuff it's still new to us but I think it's it has a very big potential to automate all of that uh all the operations and also the uh cloud project thing that uh we discussed earlier. I think people should definitely pay attention to having uh specialized projects for whatever they're doing and it's it's very easy just create new project and just tell it okay how can I I want to do this for this project like and think about the project as if it's a hat that you wear for example in your business dayto-day you wear many hats you wear the creative strategist hat you're the media buyer hat you you wear like uh I don't know like business strategist, CEO hat and and it's good to have different projects for each hat and you just go okay you are your purpose is to do this and just help me train you the best way what kind of knowledge should I add to this project or what kind of uh instructions to this project and yeah you just build from there and you have like a specialized project that learns with time and each time you have it gives you a good output put in an artifact just copy that output to the knowledge of the project itself. It just keeps improving and improving. I think it's very important. Everyone should do it. Limited creative. [Music] We can work together on it because now I think I I got a very good understanding of how to do the actual automation and technical stuff. Uh, and if you guys have some SOPs, because I think the there's two parts to it. The SOPs like the algorithm that step one, step two, step three, step four that consistently gives good results and then the implementation of the that SOP and yeah, I just like I like to, you know, obsess about new topics and everything. I I spent I think 15 hours last weekend just I watched two like very long YouTube courses about uh NA and workflows and I think it's it's super interesting. I think it's the future. Yeah. [Music] Yeah, very simple to do. Uh just start with something simple and then you keep just iterating. or archives they have API you can we use I don't know I I don't know about I'll check the next Yeah. Okay. It's not that cool. It's not AI related, but um it's something that we learned the hard way. He always he always talks about it, but we but we just don't listen. Your page speed, guys. Your page is loading slow and it's affecting performance. So, please, please, please recode the page. Just send the page to Shpt4 and tell him to recode it with like clean code and use that clean code because your pages are not loading fast enough. That's it. We use cloud too. Amazing. Exactly. And you know how we measure it? There's you can measure it in your business to know if it's affecting landing page views uh divided by number of clicks. And if it's below 90% that's bad. And since we we've redone everything, we recorded everything cleanly. We have it 95%. And I started VIP coding because of this reason. I was