All right, guys, what's going on?
So in this video, we are going to be talking about whitelisting.
Now, if you already know what whitelisting is, there's going to be a video underneath
here that shows you how to set up whitelisting even better than you might already be doing
it.
And so if you want to skip to that video, you totally can.
If you want to watch this as well, feel free.
This is just going to give you a brief overview of what whitelisting actually is.
And so for those of you that don't know what whitelisting allows you to do is it allows
you to run ads from another profile.
So for example, here's an ad where it says Warroad Hockeyco.
Once you guys probably have your own pages here, your own Facebook and your own Instagram
pages that you're running ads from, right?
Now, what whitelisting allows you to do is it actually allows you to run from somebody
else's profile, okay?
And so in that, in this instance, it's usually creator profiles or it's usually theme pages
or themed Instagrams or it's some other brands Instagram.
And we're going to kind of get into that as well and some other things that you can do.
But the point is, is this is what whitelisting does.
And this is camouflaged kind of to the ultimate extent because someone who just saw this that
sees finds your fit with Carissa, probably just would see like, wait, who is this girl,
right?
And then obviously they would see the sponsor.
So they would probably put two and two together.
But the point is, is this feels like it's coming from a real person, right?
It doesn't feel like it's coming from a brand.
And also the reason why whitelisting can work well is because clearly this person is willing
to run ads from their own profile, right?
Now there is some disadvantages to this as well where someone could probably go to her
profile and be like, wait, it was this person like, why are they talking about this, right?
And you get less clicks to your Instagram.
But the point is, is that this allows you to definitely drive performance and we have
seen that.
Okay.
And so what I want to show you is an example of one of our brands here that we've been
testing whitelisting for the campaign is often just because stock is an issue now.
But as you can see here, we've spent, these are both the same ads around $8,000 on this
whitelisted ad and $12,000 on this non whitelisted ad.
And this over the last seven days, and as you can see our CPA, although it is spending,
you know, about $4,000 less is around $23, but our overall return on ad spend is actually
a lot higher.
So the AOV is actually a little bit higher as well.
And the long story short of this is, is we're seeing whitelisting actually really perform.
And this is something that we've been doing for about, you know, a couple of months now.
And I wanted to actually gather data to show you guys whether or not this actually works.
Another example over here that I'm going to get to is partnership ads and we're going
to bring that full circle.
But I also want to show you another example where whitelisting did not work.
Well, it actually looks like this ad had an error, so that might be part of the reason
why it's maybe stopped getting spent.
But we also have seen instances when this wasn't actually outperforming.
So again, these are the exact same videos.
This was just run from the brands page.
And the other was run from a whitelisted page.
And it didn't obviously take off and rip, although there was ad errors.
So that might have something to do with it.
But the point is, is this isn't again going to save your ad account, but this actually
can help nudge performance.
Because we've been able to spend an extra $8,000 on this specifically.
And I'll show you guys how we're testing this as well in the next modules.
But the point is, is this is what whitelisting is.
Okay, so whitelisting is a really, really great way.
Now if you guys want to know who we whitelist with, I'm going to explain that.
But just know that if you do want the agreement and you maybe miss this, or you saw this in
the how to onboard brand ambassadors, and you're like, what the heck is whitelisting?
This is what that is.
And so if you guys want the agreement that we're using to get whitelisting access as
well, you can see that there.
So here's a few things to consider when it comes to whitelisting and this list will probably
get updated as more and more problems arise, but just know that number one, the first thing
that we need to consider is that we only bring on creators who have winning ads with us.
And so in our process with incense and with the content generation system that we have
here, once we find a brand ambassador, we are now sending our agreement saying, hey,
we will pay you $500 a month for four videos, right?
And also we're going to request whitelisting access from you.
Now some creators don't know what this is.
We've been able to whitelist for some creators for $0, all right?
For other creators, they know what it is, or they will go and do research, like we had
this one guy who agreed to it, and then he went and did some research and he's like, yeah,
I need to be charging $1,200 for this.
I was like, no, you don't.
And if that's the instance, don't pay for it unless it's like an insane creator, then
feel free, or if you really want to test it, feel free, but I'm just not going to do that.
We, if anything, are going to pay $100 to $250 extra per month, and $250 is even on the
high end.
Because again, we're paying these creators $125 per video, right?
And so whenever we sign the agreement, we just try to sneak it in there like, hey, we
would love you to create ads for us, and we would also love to run ads from your profile.
If you're like, sure, that sounds great.
Amazing.
Otherwise, if they say, hey, I actually charge extra for whitelisting, then you can say, okay,
I'll throw in 600, how does that sound?
If you want to go the original route that we actually did, we had some of our brand ambassadors
onboarded, and then once they were onboarded and working with us, we actually just asked
them after.
And that way, it's kind of a good way to do it as well, because you could bring them on,
you could, and we're still testing this, of course, but you could bring them on, have
a good month with them, get them excited about the product, make them feel like they're a
part of it, obviously pay them some money.
And then from there, be like, hey, by the way, your ads are doing really well.
If you want better performance, you know, would you be open to doing whitelisting with
us?
And that has also worked for us.
We've been able to get, again, whitelisting access either for $0 or for 100 to $150 per
career.
And again, that's per month.
So keep that in mind.
We are only doing this for brands that we have winning ads.
We are not trying to find winning ads by whitelisting creatives.
And again, we are only running the creator's ads on that page, okay?
So don't start running other ads that are not made by this creator.
That's super shady.
So don't do that.
And unless you want to have a conversation with the creator, be like, hey, can I run all
my ads from your profile, then feel free, but we don't do that.
We only run the creator's specific ads on the creator's profile.
And now we'll get to some other brand pages and theme pages and stuff like this.
Well, I'm just talking about creators first.
And again, expect to pay $100 to $250 per month for whitelisting access.
And this is for creators per month to creators for whitelisting access.
Anything more is not really worth it if you ask us.
Now the second number two here, I should say number three, number four and number five
is that if you solely rely on whitelisting, you can get cooked if the creator removes
your access.
So think about it.
You are solely relying on whitelisting and you have everything running on whitelisting.
I would be a little hesitant with that.
And the reason that's the reason why in our testing campaigns, we are now actually career
sorry in our ad accounts, we're actually now creating an additional campaign.
And again, I'll show you guys how we do this, but we're creating an additional campaign
to actually test whitelisted ads.
We were doing this one just to forespend to see how it does, but two also just to not
be over leveraged because we don't want to be in a position where our top ad that is
absolutely ripping the CBO and pulling all of the spend is a whitelisted ad and unless
we're very confident in that creator.
we don't really want to be over leveraged like that.
Now, we do have some creators that we trust a lot,
and so we are starting to drip ads
into our champions ad set,
but I just want you guys to be aware of that.
That obviously, if you have an ad getting
a ton of engagements and building up a ton of this stuff,
and it's whitelisted, and the creator for whatever reason
says, you know, it's screw you.
I need to, I want to charge you more,
or I want to do this, and something happens,
you can get cooked.
So just keep that in mind.
The other thing here is again,
make sure you have an agreement for the whitelisting.
So again, the agreement that I showed you guys
is over here, you guys can polish it up against,
never legal advice, our contracts are terrible,
so they're just like a template
to give you guys a reference,
but the TLDR of this is you guys need to use
to say your own risk.
Another thing that might be smart for you guys to do
is also just have like a non-compete in there.
For the brands that we do this,
there's not really any competition
that we have to worry about too much.
Obviously, there's some, but like, we don't really care,
but if you guys want to add like, hey,
just as an FYI, we just want to make sure
that you're not doing whitelisting on other brands as well,
'cause it's kind of a bad look, right?
Like, people don't want to see your ads from a creator,
and then that creator also doing the same thing, right?
Like if you have, I don't know,
some skincare product and that,
if there are different skincare products fair,
but if it's the exact same product, right, kind of awkward.
And so just make sure you guys consider that as well.
And then again, all comments actually happen
on that user's page.
So if you guys are running some such shit,
they will likely see it,
and they will likely revoke access from you as well,
or they might just be like, what the hell is going on, right?
They might get uncomfortable, and again,
that's where if you are over-leveraged here,
the creator might revoke access.
So just make sure you guys aren't doing any shady shit,
and make sure you're very clear like,
hey, if you're gonna get comments on the page
and you're telling the creators what is going on, okay?
And so those are things that you need to consider
for creators, and the other thing, again,
for theme pages, we're gonna get into that,
but the most important thing is this is whitelisting,
this is how it works.
Here's proof that it actually works as well,
and now in the next video,
I'm gonna show you guys how to go and get this set up.
