All right. So now the next question is, is how do you actually go about doing this, right?
How do you actually get the access to set this up? Well, if you guys want to manually go and do
it, you can. And basically, what you have to do is you have to, you know, send a loom video that
shows the creator, hey, log into your Facebook and do this or log into your Instagram and do
this and then share access with this business manager idea. But the problem is most creators
aren't going to do that shit. Most clients came and do that shit. And you know, these clients
actually have e-commerce businesses. So imagine the content creators, right? Some of them will
probably know and if they know, then they're probably going to charge you more. But at the end of the
day, I want you guys to understand that there is a way better way to do it. Okay. And the way to do
it is through a tool called LEEZY. I think the link that I give you guys is like 15% off or
something like that. I'll have to confirm. I'm trying to get a really good discount for you guys.
But the way this works is very, very, very, very simple. Okay, you sign up for LEEZY. You get a 14
day free trial as well. What you're going to do is you're going to create a customer request.
And this customer request is actually, actually, I don't even think you need to create a customer
request because they should already have it. So let me just scroll down. Cool. Yeah. So what
you guys will do is you're going, you're going to settings once you sign up and you're going to go
into the actual, um, integrations, I believe is where we should go to and make sure that you
actually connect your meta ads account. So go through, settle the stuff up, it should actually
tell you to do that right away. So once you have that set up, then what you can do is you can
actually create your customer requests. And the customer request that we have created
is the whitelisting requests. Okay. And so what this will do is when you send this link to someone,
so if I copy this link, and I just go into a random window, like I'm a random content creator,
all it will tell me to do is go ahead and connect my Facebook, right? It'll say meta business portfolio
great. It'll say confirm access, right? And then it'll say click connect. And that's all the creator
has to do. It's literally three steps. Okay. So it's like stupidly simple for the content
creator, provide access, which is why we like it, because we're on porting a lot of creators.
And so we don't want to fuck around with, well, I don't know how to do this. I don't know how
to do that. There is one bottleneck that I'll tell you guys. But the point is, is you just go,
you create a customer requests, what access level do you need? Whitelisting, boom, you can just
change this to whatever name you want. Whitelisting. What do you need? Well, here's my business portfolio.
And I want you to provide access to all of these people. Go ahead and create the request and it'll
automatically do it for you. It's super badass. It's super simple. And then all you have to do is
again, you just have to copy your customer requests link. So every single time I'm going to send this
to a creator, I copy this link, boom, I send it. And that's it. And then within a couple of clicks,
she can she or he can give us access to the Facebook page and the Instagram account.
Now, one thing that might happen is that a lot of these Instagram creators don't actually have
Facebook pages. If that is the case, just tell them to make a Facebook page. And if they don't
know how to do that, just YouTube how to make a Facebook page and send them the video, right?
You guys, it's pretty simple. Like most of our creators, if they don't have a Facebook page,
we just tell them to make a page and they can figure it out. Like they're at least that smart.
They know how to make a page on Facebook. But the point is, is it makes it very, very simple
for you to collect that and you shouldn't have any issues just by using Lizzie. So I'm telling
you guys, this will make your lives a lot, lot easier rather than filming the looms because I
didn't film the looms. So if you guys want to film looms and send them to the creators and show
them how to do it, you can. All we do is we send them this link and boom, it's done. It's so simple
and it makes everybody, it's like, I think it's 99 bucks a month. You can use this for some other
stuff as well. But if you're taking white listing seriously, then I'd 100% do it. If you only have
like one or two creators, then maybe just sign up for a 14 day free trial on one email, send it
off and then you could sign up for another one if you ever need to onboard again. But you get the
14 day free trial. So just sign up whenever you're ready. And then from there, obviously you're
going to be able to move forward on getting whoever you have onboarded already into white
listing. But again, if you're at scale and you're onboarding multiple creators, this is an absolute
no brainer for you. And then from there, the only other thing that you guys are going to need to
know is actually how to set this up inside of meta. Well, once you actually get the page access,
it's literally as simple as just going in and changing the page, I just need to make sure I don't
have any sensitive info here. Cool. So here, for example, if I look up Warroad, you can see this
is Warroad's page. But if I look up our content creator, which is find your your fit with Carissa,
I'm just going to go ahead and click her. And then the same thing on Instagram account,
I'm just going to go ahead and click her. And once you've done that, you're good to go. That's it.
Okay, that's how you set up white listing for your ads. Now, one thing that I also want to mention
is that it's probably smart for you guys to write this copy like it's coming from the content creator.
Sometimes we will actually ask our content creators to do if we have them inside of Discord,
which if they're onboarded, you probably should, it's just like, Hey, I would love for you to write
your own copy on this as well. Like, here's our top performing copy. But if you just want to make
this sound like yourself, please go ahead and write some. And from there, they can actually
write copy. And this creator was went above and beyond and she like wrote all of this copy
herself because she wanted to tell a story and she's really passionate about the brand. And so,
this is the way that you guys can also make this feel even more real. Another thing as well as
obviously like this creator has kind of a weird Instagram profile and Instagram page. So if they
have multiple pages, you could also ask them to send so we're in the process right now of getting
her to send us access to like her personal one. But the point is is you will be able to set it up
within those two clicks. And that is it. Okay. And so that's all you guys need to know about
getting whitelisting access and actually plug in your name, because once it's in your BM,
you'll be able to use those pages on any ads that you set up. Okay. So that's it. That's how you
set up whitelisting. Again, lead see is the tool that we use. There's a link here for you guys to
sign up for it. And it's a 14 day free trial. And then it's like 99 bucks a month or whatever it is.
But honestly, it's the best 100 bucks I've ever spent because I don't have to deal with headaches
with content creators not knowing how to do shit. And we're onboarding quite a few content creators
per month. So with that said, if you guys have any questions around this, let me know. If you
guys want to do the manual route, you can, but that's on you guys to figure that out. Again,
you get a 14 day trial. So if you only have one content creator set up for the 14 day trial,
go ahead and I don't even think you need a credit card. Go ahead and get the access. And then if you
want to pause it, just pause it. Okay. So hopefully that makes sense. And you guys are able to use this
tool to get your craters done.
