All right, so in this video, we're going to talk about understanding your product, which sounds like one of the weirdest modules because it's like, obviously, I know what my product is, but I'm telling you guys, a lot of you don't actually understand on a deep level what your product really does.
Okay, and so to jump to the screen here, I just want to call out straight away, like before you get all excited about all this stuff again, the order of this is likely going to change.
And on top of that, I'm going to get into some of this stuff in a little bit here, but we need to start with this.
So I want you guys to focus on this first, which is understanding your product, okay, and the reason why you need to understand your product before you get into creating desires, understanding sophistication levels and creating avatars, which is ultimately the goal of what we're trying to do, because one of the best ways to scale is by creating new avatars for you to go after and really identifying the avatars for you.
But with that said, you need to understand what it is that you're selling, okay, and so the reason why, very, very simply, if we put this at, you know, third grade level, you can't sell what you don't understand.
Okay, if you don't know what you are actually selling, it's pretty hard to sell it, right?
So that's number one, and a lot of you that have maybe worked with agencies before have maybe had this pain point as well.
A lot of times your agencies just have no idea what the hell it is that you're selling because they just don't do the research.
So I'll digress. The problem is that most of you guys though are in the belief that you do know your product, but through this is you likely don't.
You actually don't fully understand your product because you haven't done the research or don't, haven't really seen what is actually going on out there.
Now, some of you are a little bit more dialed in on this, but the point is is that a lot of you guys don't actually understand your product that well, okay.
And so just know here that at the very, very basic level foundation, every product is actually two products, okay.
It's what your product delivers. So we're going to use an example here of a cup, okay.
So what you deliver, which is essentially like the physical components, and then what it actually does, okay.
If you look at this, this is a hunk of metal with, you know, a brand name on it, okay.
And I'm going to come back to that in a second. So it is, it's a hunk of metal, okay, built in like a circle.
Now, what does it actually do? Well, what this does, number one, is it all is my water, right?
I just need something to hold my water. So that's what this does. And then the second thing that it does, it actually keeps it cold.
And it keeps it cold because one of the physical components, which is staying the steel and you guys are going to see how we take physical components and actually branch them towards benefits of like,
okay, if I have this component or if I have this hunk of metal, you know, what does it do, right? Well,
it's made out of stainless steel. That's a physical feature, right? But it actually keeps my water cold, which is kind of nice.
And then from there, I also happen to have this, this brand name on it, which is also a reason why I bought it because I have more confidence in this brand that they make good products.
Okay. And on top of that, this also as a, as another thing helps me not like consume microplastics because if you drink out of plastic balls all day, I don't even know if this is actually true, but I just do it because that's what society tells me to do.
And we're going to come back to why that's even important as well. And, you know, monkey see monkey do if people say, Hey, don't do this. What do we do?
We just kind of blindly follow that I've never actually done research to try to understand microplastics.
But I've heard people say that you should consume microplastics. So what am I doing? Well, I decided to pay way more for a stainless steel cup.
Okay. And so again, this, this part of it. So what the product is actually doing is why I'm buying this. I didn't buy this just because it's a honka medal.
I bought it for all the reasons that I just mentioned. Okay. And so key rule here, as I just explained, is that people buy what it does and not what it is.
Okay. And a lot of you guys try so hard to just market all day long that it has this feature and it has this and this and this and it's like nobody cares.
They care about what it actually does for them. Okay. And some people will make the connection that, Hey, staying the steel means that it actually keeps my water cold, but a lot of people want.
Okay. And I know we're getting very basic here because there's, you know, a hundred, probably a hundred thousand. I know there's thousands of cup brands that say that their cups keep water cold.
Okay. So it's not like we're, we're treading a new ground here, but we're going to circle this back around. I promise.
But the most common mistake that we see, and this is very, very important for you guys to understand, is that people try to target desires that their product cannot live up to. Okay.
So again, just to repeat that, people try to target desires. If you don't know what desires are essentially, it's what people want. It's what people need. Okay.
I want my water to be cold, right? That's a desire that I happen. A lot of something that a lot of people have as well. Okay.
But a lot of times you try to go after desires that your product cannot live up to. Okay. And the problem with that is that when you try to go after desires that your product cannot live up to, or we're going to get into this in the sophistication level, people just don't believe or they know it does not live up to.
When you go and target those people with those claims, it will not work, okay?
And even though this desire still exists, that people want cold water, okay?
Well, they want to get the water cold.
Your mechanism and your product, and I'm going to kind of give you a sneak peek there.
I'm talking about mechanisms in a second, but your product does not.
It just cannot live up to that.
Because say, for example, if people have tried that before, people have tried
these stainless steel cups and they didn't work, people just don't get to buy it, right?
Or on top of that, because the overall staying power, so the amount of times
people need their water cold, which is every day.
But for example, like, I don't need a new Stanley cup every day.
I just, I just have one.
Like I don't, I'm probably going to have this for the next 10 years or that's kind
of gross, but next year at least.
So like I don't need a lot more of them, right?
Unless I'm like a weird collector.
But the point is, is like then we're getting into product markets, which I don't
want to get to all over the place, but I'm just trying to help you for those
of you that are more advanced kind of help you understand why shit is not working.
But it's like, okay, well, if a lot of people actually want their drink
cold, they know stainless steel works.
Well, I'm making ads that say my cups are stainless steel.
It keeps your water cold.
Why is that not working?
Well, it's because a lot of that desire has already been met.
Okay.
And so what you need to understand, most importantly, though, is that you can't
get confused with the fact that, for example, like this desire just doesn't
exist, right?
A lot of the times there are desires that do exist and people obviously won't
cold, cold water.
But if there is not a better way for them to get it, like say, for example,
this just kept my water at the perfect temperature or like it froze it or
something, I don't know, like then that's potentially, you know, a new way
to deliver this to to that desire that I have.
Okay.
Depending on, again, we're getting a little bit weird with this cold water
example, but just trying to help you guys understand that the most common
mistake that a lot of you guys make is that you try to target desires that
your product cannot live up to because they're either too sophisticated or it
just doesn't make sense.
Okay.
And so for example, I want you to see is like, this is your product here.
And this is the desires that people have.
There's tons of them out here.
And if you pick a desire, say, for example, I want to help people who have
back pain, but my product I'm looking at my table right now is a hat.
That's going to be one hell of an ad.
And so just to show you understand, your marketing is what bridges the gap.
And so if I can somehow convince someone that a hat helps people with
their back pain, then I am a world-class marketer.
Okay.
Because maybe I could spit up a story that talks about how Jimbo, the farmer,
wears a sun hat every day.
And that helps him with his back pain because, you know, he doesn't have to
rub sunscreen on his back and that constant motion of rubbing sunscreen, you
know, causes back pain, stupid, stupid analogy, right?
Or, you know, Jimbo has to, you know, do whatever it is at the end of the day.
Again, that's an example of like you're pushing yourself to try to be an
incredible marketer when your desire is so far away from your product.
Cause for example, like that, that product we're selling hats and then we have
back pain.
That's a huge gap to bridge where some of you guys, there's desires that just
make more sense.
And so this is where the zone that I want you to focus on because there are
going to be desires that make more sense.
But what you need to understand is that they are going to be more competitive.
Okay.
And so the further out that you go with your product and your desire, the harder
it is to make that connection and make people believe that it can actually
deliver desire, but usually the more untapped it is, right?
I don't see a lot of people selling hats for weight loss.
But if I found a way to convince someone that a hat could help them lose weight,
well, guess what, probably in a pretty untapped market right now.
Okay.
And again, then once people actually experience it and realize, Oh, while this
hat didn't help me lose weight, well, guess what?
Then the market gets more sophisticated and then you have to find a new
mechanism where you have to go after a different desire.
Okay.
So hopefully this is making sense.
And for a lot of you guys that don't know desires or don't know
sophistication or don't know where this level is like, don't worry about that.
We're going to go through all of that.
But I just am trying to help you understand that you have to understand your
product.
You need to know what your product does.
Okay.
Now, the nine figure tip here that I have for you guys is that a lot of the
biggest brands in the world actually start with the customer and the desire
first, okay, before they even make a product.
And this, guess what?
Also applies to if you're searching for products, okay?
You don't have to innovate a product.
But a lot of you guys, the best thing to do is to actually go and look at what
do people want?
What are their desires and who wants them?
We're going to get into avatars as well.
But the point is, is we want, if we understand that and then we're like, okay,
we know people want this and we know that they're talking about these things
that they hate, but like we could see that they have this problem.
Well, we could just find a product that solves it or we can make a product that
solves it, right?
Like Hexclad, the guy hated all the, all the pans sucked, all pans sucked.
They always burned.
They were always like, you know, being worn out within a year.
And so he was like, screw it.
I'm just going to make pans that never like they've just last forever.
And that's what he did.
And he developed the technology for it, obviously pretty innovative, but that's
why they're worth probably at this point, like a billion dollars.
Okay.
Rich.
Same thing.
Traditional wallets, they fold really messy.
They're bulky, they're gross, right?
Well, they do.
They just slimmed it right down.
And they started with the avatar.
They noticed that that was just a problem that people had.
Same thing with grunts, right?
They noticed people didn't like drinking the green juice, right?
From AG one.
So what do they do?
They're just thirding gummies.
And then on top of that, they also innovated avatars, right?
And I saw that imagine trying to get kids to drink green juice, like absolutely not.
So what do they do?
They put it in a gummy bear.
And now one of their biggest avatars is signing to parents to give it to their
kids.
Okay.
And so I need you to understand that a lot of the biggest brands, they think
through the avatar and they think through the desire first.
Now, again, if you don't know what that is, I'm going to explain that, but we
have to start with the product.
But the reason why I wanted to mention this is that if you're trying to build
something big, you should likely start with the person and with the actual
desire that exists before you just go and grab a.
random product because a lot of you guys just grab random products and you don't think
about the problem that it actually solves or you don't think about the like the functional
of like what it actually does for the person okay and then you don't actually do research
to figure out if people actually want that thing you just assume like oh yeah I assume
and even right now like I made the assumption that you know I like people want cold water
but I don't actually know how many people actually want their water cold there could
be a lot of people that don't okay and so that's what's important you need to understand
that at the end of the day goes back to people but you need to understand your product okay
so again I just went through the two product reality which is the physical and the functional
okay so materials ingredients size weight touch measure manufacturer this is the physical side
the hunk metal is staying the steel that stuff the functional product is like what it does
the benefits the problems that it solves and the performance and experiences it creates
okay and then down here we have product mechanisms I talked about this briefly
but put short a product mechanism is the specific way that your product creates the results okay
it's not what it does it's how it does it okay so for example here with this cup specifically
it's like how does it keep my water cool well it uses staying the steel to keep the water
cool that is essentially the mechanism okay how does it do it well I don't know if
stainless steel just does it we could probably get into part of the science if we wanted to but
at the end of the day that's an example of the mechanism okay the mechanism of staying the steel
actually allows it to keep the water cool for example we actually have a care pod or a care pod
it's the brand we have a humidifier brand called care pod and they sell stainless steel humidifiers
and that product mechanism essentially makes it easy to clean okay so that is the mechanism
it means staying the steel allows it to make it easier to clean okay so for example here
you could see again mechanisms are one of the most important things to understand about your
product so how does your product deliver the thing that says it does right understanding
that is almost even better than just understanding like feature to benefit desires just like what
is my product do like what is the mechanism okay so mechanisms create believability in sophisticated
markets new mechanisms give people new hope okay and mechanisms differentiate you from
everything else that they've tried okay so for example this is a really good one for even just a
supplement brand which is like a lot of people would just say like our supplement helps you lose
weight but when you weaponize mechanisms you could say our supplement blocks sugar absorption
so your body burns fat that's a new mechanism blocking sugar absorption right
and ideally we were needing an ingredient that mentions that like this ingredient blocks sugar
absorption so your body burns fat now this leverages new mechanisms and it leverages new
information okay if we actually have the ingredients so let's just say i don't know uh peptide
47d blocks sugar absorption so your body burns fat and set so that's how it actually blocks it
okay um so mechanisms again blocking sugar absorption makes it more believable for how the
person will lose weight okay so as good old Eugene would say uh mechanisms make people believe that
this will actually work when everything else they have tried fail so in short just about this
up because i know this video has probably gotten a lot longer than it needs to be but
without clear basically performances or without clear benefits or being clear on
the the functional piece of what your product does you will not be able to in the next step
channel the desires okay and so just understand i'm going to explain desire shortly but it is
very very clear for you to be clear on what your product actually does okay and then from there
you have to remember that every single performance that we look at and even as we map that into a
desire will help us actually map different avatars okay and so at the end of the day i want you guys
to understand that the bottom bottom line is before you worry about who to target what to say
how to scale or do any of the stuff a b o c b o you have to master what your product does and
everything else as a result becomes easier to do okay so hopefully those examples that i gave
were easy for you guys to understand and follow but the end of the day you have to understand
your product you have to understand that there's two types of products that you sell even though
it's just one product you have to understand the importance of mechanisms and be able
to identify them in your product and you have to understand why this is so crucial for avatar
creation and desire selection okay so in the next step we're going to walk through this product
template and i'm actually going to fill one out manually i did fill two of these out as well
using ai so we're actually going to get into how to fill out the product overview template because
it's like okay now we know it's important what do we do spencer well we fill out this document
so that way we can actually work towards understanding our product better
and then from there we're going to get into the desires but with that said that is the product
overview that is why it is so important to understand your product and know the actual functional
and the fundamentals of this stuff and the actual reasons why a lot of times when you're
