All right. So in this video, we are going to be breaking down desires.
Now, desires are one of these things that I feel like if I had learned this
years ago, I probably would be a lot further and I would have found success
with Facebook a lot earlier. But the tough thing about desires,
I think for a lot of people is they become overwhelming on trying to figure
out, you know, what is a desire? What isn't? What, how do I know what desires
are the strongest? How do I do the goal of this video is to help
you? Number one, understand desires, which if you have already watched the
module that explains desires to the slideshow, this is going to show you how
to apply it because that's one of the biggest issues that comes to the things
that we're about to talk about is how do you actually apply this stuff? Okay,
cool. It's good to know desires. It's good to know awareness levels.
It's good to know sophistication, but how do I apply it? And so that's what we're
going to walk through here. And so the first thing, again, to keep in mind,
is that the reason why you need to understand desire before creating
avatars is because desires essentially create avatars or at least they create
strong ones. Okay. And so to understand how to create an avatar,
you need to understand desires and obviously to understand desires.
Well, that's what we're going to talk about here. So essentially, in short,
in one sentence, the description that Eugene and that you'll find, I have a
few different ways of phrasing it, but it's essentially the public spread of a
private one. Okay. What that means is that when millions of people privately
want the same thing, it becomes a mass desire that advertising can harness.
Okay. Now, I want you to understand that it doesn't, it doesn't always mean
that's private. Essentially, it just means that we kind of keep it to ourselves
most of the time. But for example, a desire of I want to lose weight is one
of the most common ones that people will say. Okay. That is obviously a thing
that some people will tell others and some people won't. But at the end of the
day, that is a common thing that a lot of people have, which is the reason why
health and wellness essentially is billions and billions and billions at
all our industry, hundreds of billions. Okay. So the reason why desire is important
for a billion avatars is because this is where I think demographics are just
dumb. Okay. Because a 22 year old and a 45 year old can share the same desire.
Okay. So another example of this, they want to make money or for example, they
want to find love, right? Demographics don't really make the best avatars and
that's why that's where most people go wrong. Because whenever you ask someone,
what is their avatar? The first thing that they tell you is demographics. Oh,
it's a male mom or it's a male mom. It's a female, you know, their mom, they have
kids and they're, you know, anywhere from 30 to 45, right? Or it's a female and
she's, you know, 55 plus those, do those apply to aperture? Sure. But if you add
to one desires that or if you actually want avatars that will do something for
your business, that will actually help you to scale. You need to use desires,
you need to understand desires. Okay. So it's really about understanding what a
group of people want before narrowing down your avatar. Okay. And again,
desires create basically labels, they create groups of people because they are
shared things that people want or that people need. Okay. Again, the larger
desire, the more specific you will likely need to go on an avatar or that you
can go on an avatar, right? So for example, the desire to lose weight, that is
humongous. Okay. Where if we compare that to, I don't know, the desire for chip
clips, right? I don't know. There's just all my desk. It's, it's going to be a
little bit different. Okay. And so here, the key rule that everybody needs to
understand, because I know we've talked about a lot, I'm going to try to
summarize each section, uh, wherever there's a line break, is you cannot create
desire. Okay. This is a perfect example of the chip clip. Like, I don't care how
cool your chip clip is. If you, you cannot make people want chip clips, if
they just, if people don't have that desire, and that's just obviously a
product isn't specific. But if people just don't care enough, like they'll just
roll up the bag of their chips. And I don't know how I got onto this. But the
point is, is you cannot make people want something. It just has to exist. It is,
it takes, and I'll show you how desires are created, but it takes things far out
of your control to create desire. Okay. So this is why you need to learn how to
channel desire. Okay. So just understand if we were to dumb this down to the
simplest level, desires are what people actually want. And a lot of times, if
you look at benefits, right, which is, for example, a benefit of this is that I
can, you know, I can call my friends. So well, why do you want to call your
friends? Well, because I want to be in touch with people, I want to have
relationships. I want to maintain those relationships. I want to be connected.
I want to feel belonging and we're going to get into these permanent forces
down here. But usually the desires are you just, you just keep asking why
something matters. And then you get down to the core. And that is essentially
the desire. Okay. We're more commonly, if you want to understand, and even
simple, for simpler version, whatever people say they want something or they
need something is usually a desire. Okay. So down here, if we scroll down
into how desires are born. Okay. This is something that I am not gonna lie, I
banged my head against the wall for the longest time. And I think I actually,
you know, kind of mentioned this in the wrong way previously, when I have tried
to help people understand desires, just understand that there are essentially
three forces, okay?
Or two forces is actually what it is.
I wrote three because there's actually three talking points which we're going to get down here.
But there's two essential sources, okay?
The first one is permanent forces, okay?
These are things that people will always have no matter what, okay?
So these are desires that never go away.
They might change how they are satisfied but they never go away, okay?
These two sections here are permanent forces.
The other desire or how desires are born, the other force is forces of change, okay?
And this is what changes how the permanent desires are fulfilled, okay?
So essentially what this is here is there are two main permanent forces
and that is mass instincts and mass technological problems.
And then the other force that actually changes desire
is essentially style trends and mass education, okay?
We're going to get to that in a second but just understand
that there is essentially desires that people have
and those are the permanent desires.
So the desire to have like whatever our instincts are, okay?
We will always have those and we're going to get into those.
Technological problems, we will always have those.
It does not matter and again I'm going to break this down.
But the other force of change that creates desires essentially
things that happen, whatever becomes fashionable from influencers,
from trends and things that again you and me cannot technically create
unless you're a very powerful person and then mass education.
So when new information is made available again sometimes through tech, okay?
So the point of this is for you to understand this here
which is the permanent forces that essentially exist in every single person, okay?
So this work on anyone, anywhere, anytime, caveman or CEO,
this is essentially what every human wants and every person wants
and will always continue to want.
Now just understand that the levels of how much we want this
will differ from person to person.
There are some people that really don't have the strongest desire
to feel belonging with anyone, okay?
And there are also people who don't really care too much about status.
There's also people who don't care about their health thermizers,
people that just say screw it, right?
I'm going to do drugs all day, right?
So the how these desires rank is relatively different and how strong they are.
But for the conglomerate, if we are to generalize this on people,
whenever there is something going on that is going to scare us that we might not make it,
health, for example, survival, stay in a life, stay in healthy and safe
is a pretty strong desire that every single person has, okay?
It's literally an instinct, okay?
Sex, relationships, right?
Be attractive, find a mate, feel desired.
And the reason why sex is used here is simply just because it just helps people understand.
But essentially it's just like relationships is what we're getting at here, okay?
So the wanting to kind of have relationships or essentially have intimacy,
have, you know, be desired by other people, okay?
That is, again, an instinct that people have.
Then we have status, okay?
So this is about being important, being respected, being better than others.
And if you think back to like more tribal, it's like this existed 70,000 years ago
and still existed, it still exists today, right?
Somebody wanted to be the leader of the tribe, right?
That person had status, right?
Nowadays, what do we have?
We have followers, we have influencers, we have all this kind of stuff,
people who want status, okay?
Money, people buy status, okay?
Belonging, so this is fitting in, having friends, not being rejected, right?
This kind of is close with status, but belonging is more or less the sense of like
kind of family sort of thing, okay?
So this is this idea of fitting in, not being rejected.
That's why a lot of people are close with their family, right?
They want a sense of belonging.
It's different from sex, and that's why I use sex instead of relationships,
because essentially this makes it clear that, hey,
this is the desire to be attractive and to find a mate, right?
Rather than belonging, which is a little bit more of like,
hey, I want to have friends and belong and be a part of something, okay?
And then we have control.
So this is having power, predicting what happens, being in charge, okay?
Again, think about a tribal leader.
They had control on things, people like control.
The reason why we get pissed off, and you guys probably remember this,
when iPhone took away the headphone jack, we were like, what are they doing?
Why would they do this, right?
We like being in control, we don't like change, okay?
So control is an instinct.
And the final one here is comfort, okay?
So we want to make life easier.
We want to avoid pain, and we want to avoid work, right?
We always look for the easiest way out.
Part of the reason why, for example, some of you guys maybe can't get stuff done
is because it is so much easier, and you get the same like dopamine hit
from just sitting on the couch, eating chocolate or eating chips and watching TV.
You get the same amount of dopamine compared to if you actually work really
hard for something, and make something happen, and then you get a dopamine
from that accomplishment, what is the easiest thing to do?
Well, it's way easier to just watch Netflix and get rewarded that way, right?
And so my point is, is comfort making life easier is also an instinct that people have,
back in tribal times.
Again, people wanted to be comfort.
They wanted to avoid sleeping next to a lion's den.
I think they wanted to just make their life easier, right?
They developed a wheel so they could roll stuff around.
That's my point, okay?
And so the thing to understand here is that survival or health, okay?
That drive existed 10,000 years ago.
It will exist today, okay?
And it will exist 10,000 more years from now, right?
People are still going to want to survive, at least I think they will.
Same thing with status, right?
The status drive existed 10,000 years ago.
It exists today, and it will exist in 10,000 years, okay?
The only thing that changes, and this is due to the forces of change, okay?
And we're going to get to that, is how we satiate these desires.
Okay?
But the desires will always be there.
Now, I'm just going to use one that is like very, very easy for everybody to understand,
but it's kind of a really sad epidemic that is happening right now,
and everybody has their own opinions on this, and it's just one that makes sense.
But I mean, for example, like pornography is an example.
And I don't know if you signed up for this and you were expecting
to be learning about this stuff, but this is important stuff for you guys to know.
But it's like this opened up a new mechanism, essentially, for people to
find a mate, feel desired, right?
It's like, and it does it in a backwards way
because you're not actually with someone
but digitally you kind of are.
And so that's why it is just a,
honestly, an insanely big industry.
I don't think a lot of people understand, like it is crazy.
It's very sad in a lot of ways,
but that is when you see these only fans models
making, you know, hundreds of millions,
millions of dollars a month by selling this, okay?
It is a mass instinct that people have
and that is a mechanism to get it.
Now one that is, again, makes a little bit more sense
for today and is less weird and awkward
to talk about is status, right?
So this idea of like having more Instagram followers
or having a bigger brand or like being more well known,
being famous, being rich, right?
Like people want that, especially now more than ever
because of how much word travels, right?
And how many people can see, right?
Status back in the day, you know,
you maybe had a tribe of 10 people that saw you.
Now your tribe is 10 million people
or for some, you know, hundreds of millions of people
follow them, right? You look at someone like Ronaldo, right?
He has just a monumental amount of status, okay?
And so that is the first permanent force
which is the mass instincts that people have.
Okay, now we're getting into the second permanent force
which again is mass technological problems
and just as a reminder, again, these are permanent forces.
These will never go away, okay?
So no matter the year, and I want you guys,
I think a lot of times my brain does this at least
when I think technology, I think like phones
and I think internet and stuff like that,
technology is literally like developing the wheel
was technology or for example, being able to build boats,
like that is technology, right?
Being able to build guns is technical.
So just advancements in general is technology, okay?
And so the truth is, is that no matter the year,
technology will cause problems for people, okay?
Whether people have direct experience with it.
So for example, if we're talking about boats,
maybe in the medieval times when they were made,
people made these boats and that created problems
because maybe one of the problems,
and this is just a problem that's kind of random
is you get seasick, right?
Like that is a real thing that happens.
And so you might have a direct experience with that
where you go on a boat, it's a new technology
and you get seasick and it sucks, right?
And then on the other side, if I say, for example,
I did that and then I come back from my trip on the boat
and I tell all my friends, like,
dude, I got the worst seasickness.
Like if you get on the boat, you just feel so sick.
That is indirect awareness.
So people who don't actually have a direct experience with it,
but I am able to share my experience with them.
And now they are aware of the problem.
And so for example, you can see how this creates new desires
and essentially technology creates new industries,
which is what we're seeing right now with AI.
AI is absolutely booming and so many people are running to it
to try to build businesses in AI and work in AI
because of the fact that it's creating problems for people, right?
AI became a technology and now a lot of business owners
have a problem that they don't know how to use AI.
And so again, when problems are created from technology,
a mass technological problems,
then desires are created, okay?
And so these are the types of desires
that technology essentially creates by screwing things up.
So complexity, okay?
Things are too hard to figure out how they work, okay?
The buttons are confusing, the instructions don't make sense.
And as a result, this is very important
because we're gonna talk a lot more
about feelings in general and around psychology,
but you feel dumb, okay?
So if technology is too complex,
like if you were to give this phone to, you know,
a silent gen or a boomer, right?
Maybe someone that's like an early boomer,
so who's like 80 years old, they look at this phone,
they don't know what to do with it, right?
Or they open a laptop like, I don't know what to do with this.
It's too complex, I don't know how to use it, right?
So complexity creates a lot of issues, okay?
Overwhelmed, okay?
So there's too many choices, too many beeps
and distractions, okay?
Your phone won't stop buzzing, you have 47 different apps,
there's too many streaming services, right?
You start to feel anxious.
And so again, what I'm trying to explain here
is these are mass technological problems,
create these feelings in people, okay?
And so this feeling of overwhelm, right?
So this is a feeling that people can get
from technology and new technology that causes problems, okay?
Basically, I don't even know how to pronounce this word
because my brain is not working,
but things that are fragile, okay?
So it breaks when you need it, right?
So your phone dies during an important call,
your Wi-Fi crashes during a big meeting, right?
You feel frustrated, so, you know,
the technology is too fragile.
And so you, as a result, crave things
that will actually be, like, will actually work, right?
And you'll see a lot of technology companies
then use this as positioning and marketing,
because again, this creates a problem and it creates a desire.
People are frustrated and so they want something
that will work in this instance, okay?
Maintenance, so it always needs fixing,
always need updating or paying for it, right?
Your apps want updates every day,
your subscription costs keep going up,
something always needs to be fixed or renewed, okay?
You just feel tired, feel exhausted
of like all of the maintenance that is needed, right?
So again, when people bought TVs, right?
This is back in, I don't know when it was like,
50s or 60s or something like that.
They bought the TV, they were excited.
Then the TV's just like you had to adjust the wire,
you had to get it just, right?
You had to bang the TV and it was just,
it was so frustrating, it always needed to be fixed.
There was entire industries that were created
for TV repairmen, right?
Back in the 50s and 60s and they made bank
just because people had a new desire of, you know,
needing their, like, I want my TV to work,
I want my TV fixed, right?
And so essentially that is a problem
that's again created from tech.
Incompatibility, okay?
Won't work, the English is not my strong suit,
won't work with your stuff, okay?
So your old iPhone charger doesn't work with your new one,
nothing connects easily.
The point is it's like things don't work with what you
currently have and so that creates a lot of problems
for people as well, okay?
So you kind of feel trapped by the technology.
And the final one here is just essentially
when things become obsolete, okay?
They get old and use this fast.
Like for example, MP3 players, right?
Nobody needs MP3 players anymore.
We just have it on our phone, right?
So for example, if technology,
and this is just in the instance that we have here,
your phone becomes too old for new apps
or last year's gadget is already outdated.
The MP3 is kind of example of that, right?
Nobody's really buying MP3s anymore
because they're just on our phone, right?
So sometimes people feel cheated by the technology as well
and it doesn't last.
And so at the end of the day,
these are all feelings and these are all things
that people go through,
problems that people have that then create desires, okay?
So just understand that like technology
creates problems for people.
And again, when there's problems,
there's new desires that need to be essentially served.
Again, TV reception was terrible in the 1960s.
Internet connection is shaky today.
And holograms will lag in 2050, okay?
The technology changes, but the problems will always be there
and persist if you ask Gramlin, okay?
And so this is important for you to understand.
Again, that we have mass instincts.
These are things that we constantly want.
And then because of technology
and the problems that it creates,
these are also things that we constantly experience.
We experience trouble with technology breaking.
We experience feeling overwhelmed.
We experience complexity.
We experience maintenance, right?
And so this creates new desires, okay?
And this is essentially the desires
that will always exist, okay?
So now let's talk about the forces of change, okay?
So again, just to be clear,
this is what changes how these desires are fulfilled, okay?
And so style trends as an example, right?
What becomes fashionable?
So back in the day, you know, swimming pools were a big flex.
Nowadays, it's bigger cars, fancier cars,
big watches, right?
Style trends essentially start to create specific desires
and change how we essentially satiate those desires, okay?
And so just understand that style trends
will change the way that these are delivered, right?
So for example, health back in the day
or maybe the status back in the day, right?
You got status by potentially going out
and being known at your local bar or in your town, right?
Nowadays, if you want real status,
you have to go online
and you have to make videos of yourself.
So like the way that we get status has changed,
essentially one because of technology,
but also because of the trends
and how things are being done, okay?
Another one here is mass education.
So this is what society learns, okay?
So health awareness, new inventions,
these are things where people learn new things
and this is why we can weaponize education
in step three over here,
which is market sophistication.
But mass education is essentially what society learns, okay?
And so when society learns something new,
that changes the way that we can satiate these desires.
So for example, a great one with this
is Ozambic or GLP one, okay?
That was new education, that was released,
and now it is one of the biggest selling
and hottest things in the health space right now,
because again, mass education, right?
People learned about it
and then on top of that style trends,
people want to be skinnier, okay?
Or they want to lose weight or they want to be more fit.
It's kind of a trend that I think has always existed.
If anything, there was kind of a reverse trend
over the last couple of years where it's like,
we were, everybody was being very body positive
and all that kind of stuff at the end of the day.
These style trends and educational,
like new things that people learn
are what change how the permanent desires are fulfilled, okay?
So again, just to be clear,
we really just need to focus on these,
which is what every human wants
and the fact that technology has problems, okay?
And we need to understand what those problems are
and then we can learn how to attend to those desires.
But at the end of the day,
it's important that you guys understand the full picture
that this is what changes them, okay?
And a lot of times, like I said, we can use education.
We can educate few people.
It's very hard to educate mass, mass markets,
but we can use education or at least this idea
of how we can educate a small amount of small group of people
around a specific desire to help them understand the truth
or actually help them get it.
But at the end of the day,
you just need to understand from a desire standpoint
that these are the things that change
how these desires are associated.
All right, now, all of that information put aside.
We're gonna do a fun little experiment here,
which is actually going to show you
how to turn this learning into actual headlines
or into actual essentially ads for you
where you can see, okay, I have a specific desire, right?
And I have essentially a specific trend
or some new education that I learned about
whatever the current force is, right?
What is causing an essentially desire, okay?
That you can then channel into an ad.
So for example, here, we are selling dog harnesses, right?
Just like how we did in this example over here.
What we can do is we can learn how we can combine
essentially what are the core for it,
which are instincts, okay, with style and education.
So let's take a look at the instincts here, okay?
So we're using mass instincts and style trends.
And then we're using mass instincts and mass education, okay?
So an example of this is mass instinct status, okay?
So people don't want to be embarrassed, right?
The current force, so a style trend that exists
in my market is that dogs are family members.
That's kind of a style thing that is happening.
And again, we'll show you guys how to go
and find these desires.
It's gonna be in the desire hunting section.
But essentially, we can take this information
of people obviously want status.
And one of the trends that's happening right now
is we need to treat dogs like family members.
And so we can channel this or essentially write a headline
that is be the dog parent that everyone admires, okay?
Now a lot of you might write a headline like this,
but you don't actually understand why it works
or you don't understand why something like this
can have an impact.
But if you understand what is behind the scenes,
and at least if you, this is the biggest thing I'll say,
if you write a headline and then you try to break it down
from there of, okay, what is the trend behind this?
Or like, what is the education behind this?
And then what instinct am I actually going after here?
That will help you understand
and it'll help you also find patterns
in your winning ads as well.
But just know for this instance,
I picked one of the mass instincts.
Essentially, there's one, two, three, four, five,
six different mass instincts that you could tap into.
And then on top of that, there's essentially,
I don't wanna say unlimited trends,
but there's so many different trends, okay?
That basically shape the way that people see things, okay?
And shape the way that, for example,
a status desire is associated in my specific market, okay?
And so just understand here that we can channel this
into headlines when we have this information.
Or again, vice versa, if we wanna write headlines,
we can then break it down further and say,
hey, what is really the driving force behind this?
Why does this matter right now?
And then from there, what is the mass instinct
that we're actually going after, okay?
So be the dog parent that everyone it buys, right?
That is a headline that taps into the status desire
and also is on trend.
And when I say trends, I don't want you to think of like,
you know, things that are gonna die, you know,
in the next two months, right?
We're talking about trends that are,
like I'm not talking about it like a Bitcoin pump
or something like that back in, you know,
that lasts like two or three months.
Like these are things that, you know, society is,
it takes, you know, sometimes a decade for them
to essentially change, right?
But some of them become kind of permanent
just become very, you know, kind of top of mind for a lot of people.
Okay.
first example of how we learned or we took a mass instinct, which is status, we spotted a trend
that people treat dogs, dogs like family members. And we were able to write a headline that again
talks about how being a dog parent that everyone admires, which really leans into status, but also
leverages dog parent, which kind of taps into this family member situation. Okay. So example
number two, mass instinct and mass education. This is where I honestly lean the most, which is
tapping into mass instincts, especially, I mean, product aware markets, you're going to really
want to jump into some of these technological problems, because if you have a very large product
aware market, tech problems are massive, meaning that product problems are massive. Okay. But mass
instinct and mass education for me usually always lead to the biggest breakthroughs. And so again,
to understand our whole goal of this is for you to have a breakthrough. So you can create an ad
that really banks. And so here we have mass instinct is health. And just understand that health can
also apply to someone else. Okay. So health here, survival stay alive, stay healthy and safe. This
can also we could basically want health for our pets as well, or for those around us too. So a
lot of these can be applied. We want others to have status. You know, we want others to feel
belonging. We want others to have some kind of control and comfort, right? Because we a lot of
times take care of people as well. But at the end, at the end of the day here, the example number two
is health. So we want to keep our dog safe. That is the mass instinctual desire that we have. And
then here we have mass education, which people learned that callers or collar pulling damages
the trachea, okay, which is essentially the dog's throw. And so we can channel this. And the reason
why I started this in a second, I will tell you is we could say, why are you still choking your dog
in 2025? Right? Now we're talking about health. So the dog's health. And we're talking about this
new thing that we learned and you might learn by doing research to understand what is going on
to then channel that into a headline where, hey, I just learned that apparently callers
damage the dog's throw. I know people have a desire around keeping their dog safe. So here's
a headline, why are you still choking your dog in 2025? And the reason why I started this is because
this was actually a winning headline that we had wrote. And by understanding this, we were able to
write it, right? And then vice versa, right? Again, if we, for example, or maybe not thinking through,
you previously have not thought through the headlines that you have written, you can then go back and
peel back the layer and be like, Oh, I found that this goes after this desire. I guess I should
probably go deeper on this. Okay, the next one here is mass tech problem and style trends. So again,
we're still under the dog harness brand here. I'm gonna make this a little bit bigger just so
everyone can can see it. But here we have a mass tech problem with a style trend. So again,
what I did here is I was just combining each one of these to give you guys four different
examples. Okay, essentially, there are a lot of combinations. Okay, there's six combinations
here for technical technological problems. And there's six combinations here for mass instincts.
And so essentially you have 12 total, you know, technological problems and instincts that you can
then look for on specific style trends, and also look for on specific education. So whatever
information is out there, which kind of gives you like 24 different combinations. Now in that
instance, I'm not doing that. And I'm also not telling you to go and just test 24 combinations
for the sake of testing it. But what you are going to want to do is leverage the desire ranking
that I have down here, which we're going to get to. But for this one specifically, now we're
targeting a problem that exists in this niche of, you know, the harness is being fragile,
right? And a trend that exists right now is people who are buying for the long term. And this might
not just, and this might not actually be, for example, a specific trend in your industry. Okay,
this might just be a trend overall, right? And so for example, here, if we take a look at this,
so one of the style trends that we're leaning into on this is only buying products that are
built to last, or for example, a trend right now is American made right buying things that are made
in America, I can then use that as a headline, right? And so for example, the way that I channeled
this one here for built the last is the last harness you'll ever buy. And again, this taps
into this problem that a lot of harnesses are fragile, right? And then the style trend is that
people are wanting to buy things at last. Now, this might not be as much as a style trend. This
is kind of more, I think more of a desire that has become a part of people having shit products,
which is essentially why it has become became a trend, which is like just stop buying the trend
is to not buy crap or to buy things that actually last, right? So that is how we can channel those
two together. And the final one here is mass tech problems and mass education. So the mass
tech bomb here is that this is just not compatible. Okay. And so this won't work with a bunch of
different dog types, that is a problem with harnesses. And so the education here is that because of this,
you know, lack of compatibility, people learn that dogs can slip out of their regular harness.
And so now what we can do is like, okay, well, we learned by doing research that people have
dogs that are escaping another harness. And that most harnesses don't work because of the problem
that they just don't work with different body types or different dog types. And so the channel
here in the headline that we write is the harness Houdini can't escape, right? And so we're leveraging
a bit of an analogy there as well and Houdini for people who know Houdini, obviously, if they
don't know Houdini, then you're not going to get this ad, which is fine. I think most people do.
But at the end of the day, Houdini is a magician, but essentially, and known for escaping,
this is an ad or a headline that targets this problem that harnesses don't work and that dogs
escape or harnesses, you know, don't fit specific dog types. And they escape out of them regularly,
right? So this is the harness Houdini can escape, right? Or again, we could even frame this
differently around just the fact that is, and I'm not going to spit out a headline right now,
but we could try to position this more. So it actually leans into the tech problem of,
you know, the harness that will that actually fits, you know, for example, one of our best headlines
for this brand specifically is the harnesses that fit big dogs, right, mentioning how this fits
big dogs and actually works for big dogs. Because one of the things that people have learned is
that harnesses don't work for a lot of big dogs. And so that probably would have been a better
example. But at the end of the day, that is how you can leverage the problems that exist,
the education that people have around the problem, right? And then channel that into a headline
to show your understanding of the customer and actually get them to convert. So you're actually
thinking about what you're writing rather than just writing. All right, cool. So now we're getting
to blackout blinds here, but I'm not going to go through as in depth as I just did on the dog harness
one just know, here's an exact example again of how we did this so mass instinct and style trend.
We're going after the comfort instinct here. Okay, the comfort desire of avoiding discomfort
and mad sleeps, 'kay, I want...
to sleep better. That is kind of the desire, you know, I want to sleep more comfortably.
The trend of locking in is cool, right? So this commitment and focus culture that exists,
right? This whole idea of, you know, lock in, bro, right? What we're going to channel is time
to lock in to perfect sleep. Okay. Another one down here is mass instinct or mass desire that
exists is healthy, so staying healthy. Okay. And now the education around this is people
learned that light disrupt sleep cycles. Okay. So poor sleep equals health problems, right?
So again, the instinct people want to be healthy, the education that we people have learned is
that sleeping or better sleep actually allows you to be healthier. So they want to sleep better so
they can be healthier. And so what we can do here is we can channel this to a blackout blind that
says light is slowly killing you again, kind of low surveillance there, meaning, and I don't want
to confuse you, but meaning that this is a bit more negative tone. But we're targeting someone
who has this instinct to want to be healthy, and knows that essentially light can disrupt sleep
cycles. And so we're leveraging that. And again, a lot of times the headline is a bold call out,
and it's important to add subheadings that kind of provides context around things. But this is an
example of how we can go after the health instinct, selling blackout blinds, right? Another one here,
mass tech problem. So complexity, these things are too hard to install education. People learn
that installation usually sucks. And so we can channel this into a headline of no tools, no drilling,
no BS, right? Obviously, we have a photo of the product to make it congruent, because we want to
be clear what it is that we're selling. So if we actually show the product, then that makes it
easier for people to actually see because what we want to avoid is just writing headlines that
nobody understands, right? We want to make sure that we're actually being clear. So if we're going
to be a little more, you know, broad in the headline, we need to make sure the imagery is very clear.
Okay. And then another example down here in the final one is mass tech problem of complexity.
So sleep optimization is really complicated. You got to, you know, do red light, you can't eat before
nine, you got to do this and that and take these supplements and those. And at the end of the day,
it's very complex. Okay, so there's a problem, right, with a lot of the tech that is out there.
And so the trend of obviously biohacking and sleep optimization is a big thing. People want
to biohack. They want to, you know, improve their health, but it's complex, right? And so the channel
here is a biohack your bedroom in five minutes, right? So we make it, we show that it's easy
within the five minutes, which covers the complexity. And we also target the desire of people who want
to biohack and optimize their sleep, right? Optimize your sleep. We could even do this because it's a
blind that closes. We'd say optimize your sleep in three seconds, right? Just show someone closing
the blinds as an example. Okay. And so that is how you can take, again, you understand what
desires are desires are what people want and what people need. And for example, when you find desires,
and we're going to show you how to do that desire hunting, and we're going to make all of
this make a lot more sense. But you need to understand these are the instincts, everything
usually goes back to one of these six. And when it comes to technology, these are usually the
problems that people have. Okay. And then from there, the trend in the market or the trend in general
and education in general, okay, is what helps you or is essentially what creates the desires that
people have around these instincts and around these tech problems for you to then be able
to understand so you can channel it into an ad. Okay. And so that is the example section.
Hopefully this is helpful for a lot of you guys as well. And now we get into how to find and evaluate
desires. All right. So how to find and evaluate desires, we're going to go through this a
lot more in depth in the desire hunting section. But just know that the first thing that you need
to do is you need to spot the desire. How do you spot desire? You watch out for complaints. Okay.
So different patterns that you see people complaining about. You look for wants and for needs. Okay.
What do people say I want? What do people say? Oh, I need this, right? Or I wish I had this, right?
With why I wish you have to be careful because sometimes people just want things that they
actually can't get they do exist, but they just can't get them. So wants and needs. Okay. Following
cultural trends. So like what is going on, right? Where do people have desires? And for example,
these kind of final two go towards what I would usually call trending desires. I don't want to
confuse you guys. But for example, Valentine's Day and we're actually going to get into the
desired calendar and talk about trending trending desires and how desires change,
which is really cool over the years. So you guys can understand what's desires are like heavy
hitting at the current time. But follow cultural trends and look at where people are spending
money. An example of this is like Valentine's Day, right? We know people are likely buying
flowers on Valentine's Day. Valentine's Day is a cultural trend, right? And a lot of people spend
money on it. Okay, they book a lot of reservations. They buy a lot of chocolate. Okay. And so you
can understand that and you can leverage that. But mainly what we're looking for here is where
are people complaining? And what do people say they want? And when people say that they need,
and that is going to help us spot the desire. Now, the next thing that you need to do is you
then need to test its power and ensure essentially what this means is not all desires are carried
equally. Okay. And the example that I gave in the slide show presentation that I did a little
while ago was about the desires of I want to have toned caps, right? So that is a desire that you
may be spotted in Reddit, right? I want toned caps. I want my caps to lip tone. I want them to look big.
Now, urgency, right? How desperately, how desperately do people want that desire and how badly do they, if it's more of a problem, how bad do they need to believe, right?
So the example of this, if we go back to toned calves, right, like someone's not going to die tomorrow if they don't have toned calves, right? Pretty simple.
But, for example, if someone's phone dies or not doesn't die, but let's just say someone's phone breaks, that is like way more urgent, because people almost cannot live without their phone nowadays, right?
And so that is called urgency.
And so specific desires will have higher amounts of urgency, meaning that people will want them more than others and they will need them faster, right?
So just understand that, again, the example that we have here is broken bone versus a cut.
If you cut yourself, obviously, you know, you need to get relief, right?
And so you're going to have a desire, whereas, like, I need to, you know, I need a band aid.
But if you broke your bone, that is way more like you might just be able to cut chill, but if you break a bone, unless you're kind of a psycho, you need to go and get that taken care of right away.
So just understand that urgency is about how badly people need relief, how soon do they need relief or how badly do they want it right now?
Okay, is this something that they need to get quickly, right?
The best case scenario of this is like, you know, drugs, drug addicts, right?
Like they desperately need it, they'll do anything to get it, and they need it right now, they need it fast, right?
And so that's why urgency can, if something has a lot of urgency, it creates a bigger marketing and makes a more powerful desire.
The next one is staying power, so this essentially does this desire renew, right?
So for example, if someone just eats a meal, right, and then, guess what, six hours later, six hours later, for some people, three, four hours later, they want another meal, right?
So the desire for hunger is constantly going.
Same thing, and I know we had the conversation about it above is, you know, sex, right?
For example, like people like constantly do it, right?
It's the same thing for status, right?
Some people constantly crave specific means of status, right?
And so this is a desire that people maybe don't just want status once, right?
They want status constantly, and so some desires have a staying power, which means they constantly renew, right?
People, they like, they satiate them, but then it comes back again, right?
It comes back fast, and so again, we have urgency is how badly do people want it, right?
And then staying power is how many times do they want it, right?
So understanding this is very, very important to determine how big desires are going to be.
And then the biggest one is really scope, right?
So there are way more people that have the desire to make money than people who have
the desire to collect fine antiques.
OK, that's just how it is, right?
Some desires are just shared by more people, right?
And so at the end of the day, scope is one of the most important ones.
And just to maybe not confuse you guys, I'll put this one up at the top.
Because if you don't understand this, just understand scope more than anything, OK?
And then understand urgency, which is like how badly do people want it?
And then staying power is how, like, how much do they need it?
Like, do they constantly need this and does it constantly redo, OK?
And then the final one here is choosing the strongest, OK?
Now, picking the desire above or picking a desire and then kind of running through, hey,
how many people share this and we're going to get into some AI stuff of how to gauge this as well.
But the end of the day, honestly, I've already ranked these desires for you
based off of a lot of deep research that I've done.
So one of the biggest things, like no matter what, is always going to be health.
And we're going to talk about the elevation strategy shortly.
But and I'm just going up so you don't cheat, health is still always going to be the number one thing.
Because whether you're rich or you're poor, health scares and moves everyone, right?
If there's, you know, a natural disaster coming in, there's a tornado, there's an earthquake, right?
And shit hits the fan.
You stop everything that you're doing to make sure that's useful.
You go in survival mode, right?
It is the number one desire, OK?
Status is the second one, OK?
And this is, again, as it says here, amplified massively by social media.
Makes everybody more visible than ever.
Makes competition more visible than ever makes word spread faster than ever.
Everybody wants to be viral.
Status is a very, very big thing, OK?
And so selling status is what creates, you know, $100 billion plus industries.
And I think, honestly, at this point, probably trillion dollar industries because of status
and being seen as, you know, that kind of person or a specific type of person
or being noticed in general, OK?
And then sex kind of falls right under there as a third one.
I'd say these two are kind of a coin toss.
It could be either or.
But again, it's fundamental.
But again, at the end of the day, this is, you know, these two, these three are like the powerhouses.
Number four is going to be comfort.
So just kind of elevated because technology made it possible and expected, right?
So technology has gotten better as life goes on.
People get more and more and more comfortable, right?
We used to have to walk everywhere.
And then, you know, we got in horse and carriages, and then we got in cars.
And now we, you know, we literally have like cars with, I don't know, like Maybacks, right?
Where people are just chilling, watching movies in there.
So it's like technology elevates this, but comfort is something that people still crave, right?
And then we have control.
So again, this is boosted a little bit more by modern complexity.
People want control over chaotic systems.
But control is people, I think people are starting to see that they have less and less
control, sometimes I can make it actually stronger.
And these desires can change based off of, you know, how the world is and what's going
on, but you understand that because these are all still very strong.
So this doesn't mean like, don't go after this.
It just means that if you're in your messaging, telling someone, you know, like
take control of your life versus, you know, you need to, you need to fix your diet
or you're going to have diabetes, right?
Like, for example, and you're not going to be able, you're not going to be healthy.
Some people are going to prioritize health over control, as an example.
Like, or you need to control your kids or something like that, right?
But just understand that, um, certain just because it's lower on this list,
doesn't mean it's not powerful.
Okay.
And the final one here is belonging.
So this is again still important, but it is less like survival urgent.
And you don't, as it says, your need tribe to literally survive.
But again, in times of need, belonging becomes very, very important.
Again, you guys are going to see that in the desire calendar.
But essentially, I would say these two can flip flop as well.
At the end of the day is kind of a hard list to put through, but I would say that these three up here.
health status and sex are by far the big three that if you can tap into these desires, it is
really going to help you scale a lot further. Okay, because a lot of status also kind of goes
into money, for example, right, and money. Also, if you don't know, can help you with health,
it can help you get more status, it can help you with sex, it can help you be more comfortable,
it can help you, you know, be more control, it can help you, I would say belonging, it doesn't
help with this much. But as you can see, like, that's why so many people crave money, because
money can solve so many specific desires, right? So that is why it is such a strong thing that
people want. Okay, so hopefully that makes sense. And now we're gonna get into the elevation strategy,
which I'm so excited about, because I think this section is honestly the sickest section. And for
a lot of you guys that are at some decent scale right now, or if you're just starting out, this is
going to help you start to climb into different higher levels of desires and start moving your
product up the chains to actually being seen and being wanted by more people. All right, so as
I mentioned, we are now going to get into the elevation strategy. And if you were peeking ahead,
I actually just optimize it. So that way it's going to hit even harder. And so the elevation
strategy is essentially moving products within the hierarchy that can lead to more scale. Okay,
so up here, as we know, this is the list of strongest to weakest, and again, they're all
extremely strong, but just understand that the elevation strategy is about moving your product
up this desire chain here to have essentially ads that can hit harder. Okay, and so just know that
you're you can be massive in the control desire. Okay, this does not mean that you need to not like
you have to completely abandon the control desire. And I don't want everyone to just jump into
health because a lot of times it just doesn't make sense. And for a lot of health brands,
so people that actually help with health, I would actually recommend that you go down into like
the comfort desire or the control desire or the sex desire, because everybody in health is
selling health, right? And I feel like a lot of the blue ocean and if there's might be too much
sauce, but the blue ocean strategy is essentially, for example, having a product that most people
would market as control, you then market it as health or as status. And now all of a sudden,
people are like, Oh shit, right? Like this is this is I've never seen this before, right? I didn't
know this product could help me with that, right? Now again, there are instances where if you go
down, right? So in this elevation strategy here, where if you try to position a Rolex as convenient
timekeeping, so comfort, it is just going to like ruin the brand side of things, okay? And you're
reducing its perceived value, like it's a $40,000, you know, that people aren't going to say like,
Oh, you know, with Rolex, like you can always see the day on our day day model, get it today.
It's like, nah, dude, you're going to see Tiger Woods and Roger Federer, you know,
winning championships. And then Rolex is just going to be like, Oh yeah, by the way, this is
what they wear. And that's status, right? And so that's brand marketing. And a lot of you guys
aren't there. And so my point is, is that you can, you can hurt the overall, you know,
things like price. So here's actually the explanation I'm looking for. So it can have less emotional
emotional urgency, right? It can sometimes lead to you having to charge lower prices. It can have
weaker positioning and allows you to compete or compete in, you know, categories that are just
not as big. But again, I would rather be massive in the control desire and have a product that
crushes in control versus, you know, just being super, super small in health and just understand
that again, these are the three most competitive desires. It doesn't mean be scared of them. But
I'm going to show you an example of how a product that a lot of you might not see as a status symbol
or a house symbol or even a sex symbol, which I'm going to explain in a second.
can actually help you optimize your ads, okay? The key rule for this is the elevation must
feel authentic, okay? If you force it, customers are going to know that they are being manipulated
and they don't like to be manipulated, okay? So it has to make sense, right? So again, the analogy
that I gave was if I have a piece of paper, and I'm like, this piece of paper is going to help you,
you know, get more girls, because when you talk to them, you're going to be able to write your
phone number down or write their phone number down on it. It's like, it's just dumb. It's like,
no, I'm selling paper because people need to print or because they need to take notes or, you know,
you know what I'm saying? And so like at the end of the day, if you try to force it, it's sometimes
just awkward. If you're really creative, you can make it work. But just understand that don't like
sometimes trying to force things. And I'm just trying to example if we're forcing it is out and
makes sense in this situation. But you will see down below once we jump into the examples.
So let's jump into it. Level six, which is belonging. And again, it says weakest, but these are still
very strong desires, guys. So I don't want you to shy away from writing headlines or writing ads
that go after the belonging desire. But an example of this, again, this is our dog harness category
here. And so for example, level six belonging, right? Again, important, but less survival urgent,
okay? A headline that goes after this desire is joining the responsible dog owner community,
right? Belonging. You want people to be, yeah, I'm one of those responsible dog owners and
labels do really, really well for belonging, by the way, where you get into labels as well.
But labels create a sense of belonging and they create relatability. And again, even though it's
the weakest, it's very strong. Okay. And for some products, this makes a lot of sense. Okay. And so
again, I don't want every single one of you to be going like, Oh, I need to go after how status
is actually not is not always the answer. Okay. Another one here is every caring dog owner needs
this, right? And now this is really like, I love this because we're going to get into a few other
things as well. But every caring dog owner needs this is like, this is targeting someone's
odd self, basically the person they know they need to be. Or for some people, their actual self,
which is, Hey, I'm a caring dog owner, like, yeah, I do need this. Okay. Belonging, right?
Now let's get into comfort. Okay. So again, it says weak, still very strong. No more struggling
with your dog, right? Finally, stress free dog walks. And this is something that we've beat down a
ton for this brand. Just haven't really seen it convert, like it has converted obviously a little
bit. But this is just not something that we've seen work really, really well. We have really tried
the angle around comfort for the dog. And that kind of has done okay. But you know, this is not
really a desire for this brand specifically that has worked well. But here's an example of how you
can see now we get into like normal, no more struggling with your dog. Finally, stress free dog
walks. Okay. Now it's getting control. Now we're starting to cook a little bit. We've got take
control of every walk, right? Master your dog's pulling instantly. This is actually one of the
one of the winners that we have running for this product specifically, because we've been able to
communicate to people that, Hey, with this product, you can solve this problem, right? You're able to
master your dog's pulling instantly, which is going after control. And a lot of things that
people are aware of, or some technological problems with leashes and collars and harnesses in general,
is that dogs pull on them. Okay. And it's annoying. But here we have control. And so, hey, take
control of every walk, right? Master your dog's pulling instantly, right? Very, very, very powerful
headlines here. Now we get to level three. This is going to make you guys laugh. Okay. And so
this is where it's like, okay, how can we sell a dog harness as, you know, kind of sex, right? And
we're not getting weird here. And this is nothing here is weird. But this is an example of, you know,
maybe this isn't, this is me trying to sell paper for sex sort of thing, right? Like it just
doesn't really make sense. But let's see. Okay. Well, what's the first headline we have?
She'll ask where you got that harness.
Think about what that does, right?
So we're selling dog harnesses, okay?
And I love this headline, by the way.
I think it's sick and I'm proud of myself for it.
But the point is, is we're sitting here
and everyone's like, get this dog harness,
get my dog harness, it's the best.
You know, buy my dog harness because it has this.
My dog, and then you just come in with an ad that says,
show us where you got that harness from.
What do you think that is going to do for guys?
Guys with dogs, like probably going to buy that harness.
You know what I'm saying?
And so this is a headline that we actually haven't tested
this yet because this has not really been an approach
that we've been wanting to take.
But I'm always pushing my team to do crazy stuff.
And this could fully flop.
But my point is, is I want you guys thinking in this direction
of now we're not selling a dog harness, okay?
We're selling a girl paying attention to the guy.
Crazy how we were able to take that desire
and bridge it to our product with a headline, right?
Remember I talked about the beginning?
This is your product and this is the desire
that you're trying to go after
and your marketing bridges the gap?
Gap has been bridged.
Next one right here, turn heads on every walk, right?
Now for some women, they probably don't want
to turn anymore heads, right?
But for others, they might, right?
Turn heads on every walk.
Something in where it's like, hey,
you're going to get a lot of attention from other people.
But she'll ask where you got that harness from
is probably my favorite, okay?
Now let's go into status, right?
Now we're getting really strong.
These, honestly, for me, and I want you guys
to understand that in certain categories,
you're going to have stronger headlines
by nature of the product.
So for me, control is a great, great, great, great category
for this brand, as well as belonging
because dog communities are very strong.
By the end of the day, let's go into status, right?
So why celebrity trainers won't use anything else?
We're selling status, we're showing
that we have an association with celebrities
and celebrity trainers use our product, right?
Now, if you don't have a celebrity
who's trying to use this as your product,
don't say that, you're going to get in trouble.
I'm not a lawyer and I don't want you to get in trouble,
but just understanding for you guys to see,
you know, there's been a lot of really big angles,
especially in the skincare niche,
especially in all these other niches where,
for example, people leverage other people's credibility.
So if you sell, I don't know, jawline gum,
and someone, you know, I don't know, Bradley Cooper
is chewing jawline gum, it might not be yours,
but you can say celebrities like Bradley Cooper
are chewing jawline gum,
and that's why it's this whole big thing.
And then you say, oh yeah, by the way,
I also sell, you know, jawline gum.
Well, there you go.
You were now able to kind of say that in a way,
that is again, I'm not a lawyer,
I don't want to get you in trouble,
but just understand like,
that's how people create status, okay?
There was another headline here,
and I don't know where it went,
I think it might have got jotted down, let's see,
there we go.
And so the other headline that I have here
is the harness only 3% of dog owners know about.
Again, this is also status, right?
People value things that are rare.
And so by saying this is the harness
that nobody knows about, right?
It's kind of an away-creating status.
Sometimes it doesn't, but when things are scarce,
things are exclusive, and you, oh my gosh,
you have one of those, right?
It creates this idea of status that,
oh, I have this and no one else has it, okay?
And then let's go to the big one, survival, right?
AKA health, and you already saw both the headlines,
but there we go.
So why vets are begging owners to switch, right?
Super, super, super strong headline around,
hey, authority, right?
Is telling you that you need to switch
from traditional callers to a harness, okay?
And then for example, the other one here
that was actually a winning ad, as we mentioned,
and winning an angle, why are you still choking
your dog in 2025?
There we go, right, going after the health angle, okay.
And so as you could see, we were able to essentially climb up, use the elevation
strategy to try to find stronger, bigger desires, okay, based off of the
instincts that humans have.
And it's pretty cool.
Cause a lot of you guys would think like, Oh, dog harness, I just need to talk
about how, you know, it fits and it's, and it's like, look at how many different
desires we can go after with it.
Pretty cool stuff.
Okay.
Now the next thing on here, and we're going to wrap this up now, because this has
been over an hour video, which I absolutely love, but how desires change throughout
the year and the next video, you're going to see the complete desire calendar,
which is honestly, it's just, it's sick.
So we're going to walk you guys through that to show you how base off a specific
times of year, specific trends that are happening and just kind of humans are
general and how they behave, how to target specific desires based off the time of
year that you're in.
And the final one here is just the final words from me and Mr. Schwartz.
And for those of you that don't know Eugene Schwartz, breakthrough advertising.
I've got the book, usually by me, but it's right here underneath 12 Alex
from OZ books, but this book right here is, is an incredible book.
Okay.
If you don't have enough money for it, there's, I'm sure you can find, I don't
even going to say it, but find something online.
If you have 60 bucks, I think it's like a hundred bucks, get the hard copy.
Cause then you actually might value it.
You might actually read it.
Um, it's kind of a hard read.
I had to read this like three times.
And I also, I didn't bring the workbook, but I also got the workbook.
That was like 300 bucks.
It's just a phenomenal brook for breaking this down, but to be honest,
the way that I break it down is a lot easier than what is in here, but for
those of you that like books, like reading, when I invest in yourself, when I have
something in your background, uh, you can buy the book as well.
Okay.
And I don't have an affiliate code or anything like that.
Um, but you just look up breakthrough advertising and they'll be able to find it.
But big shout out to Eugene.
Big takeaways here, never find desires.
You will fail if you go after desires that do not exist.
Okay.
Education is powerful.
Okay.
Some companies can educate their audiences through ads.
Again, we're going to touch more on this later because this requires deep
research and very good copywriting and a very good skill set.
Uh, timing is important.
Okay.
The same product or the same desire can succeed or fail based on again, what is
happening in the market based off what information people have and what trends
are happening, right?
For example, if you're a brand selling GLP one right now, just a big pop and
topic, right?
If something comes out tomorrow that says GLP one, I don't know, causes big
see, right?
Everybody's going to stop.
Right.
Most people are going to stop buying it.
So that desire can change overnight.
Okay.
Base off of things that again, that are just happening in the world.
Now this is paralysis.
This is the biggest one here guys.
Okay.
And if you've made it all the way through this video, I want to make sure that you
do not write like a mechanical robot.
I don't want you to be like, okay, I need to find mass instinct, put mass
instinct, and then I need to find trend, I found trend, and then okay, Spencer
said to make it just right, but be aware.
Okay.
And so a lot of times it's good to force yourself to write different headlines.
And again, we're talking about how we use AI to do this stuff as well.
But you can force yourself the right different headlines to fit these specific
these specific categories or specific desires, right?
Or if you notice a trend or you find new information, basically writing
headlines around that and then writing them in the different categories.
And it's just helpful to be aware of, but I don't want you to feel like you have
to be a robot and think about how to write it thinks.
Okay.
What's important, as it says here, is to be able to identify desires
from headlines or identify desires from ads and go deeper on the
understanding of why specific ones are working and be like, Hey, I can look
at this headline of why are you still choking your dog in 2025?
And a lot of you guys might be like, okay, I need to do an iteration.
Uh, why is your dog choking in 2025?
And then you do another iteration of like, uh, why do you use callers in 2025?
And you're not, you're not thinking about how your headline or how your
messaging makes someone feel, okay?
You need to understand that because that is what actually matters.
Okay.
A lot of you guys are focused on shit that just like doesn't matter.
So just even think about that headline in general, right?
Why are you still choking your dog in 2025, right?
That goes after the health desire.
It's very, very strong desire.
I'm like, okay, I'm going to do an iteration.
Why are you still wearing callers in 2025?
Now, even though it seems like a very, very close iteration to it,
what desire does that even go after?
Right.
Now you can see why headline A, why you so joking, work better than
headline B, why are you still wearing callers?
Right.
Now, could that headline be work?
Sure.
And if we break it down, I mean, I understand it's like, okay, well,
that one is kind of a tricky one.
And that's why having AI is helpful, but also understanding this is good.
But for example, why are you still wearing callers kind of goes after a
status desire and after thinking through it?
I mean, that makes sense, right?
It's like, well, callers are outdated.
Okay.
So you're going after more status.
But the point is, is I want you guys to understand why specific headlines
work at a deeper level.
And that is the secret formula.
Okay, that is what helps people scale extremely fast is they understand
how their words make people feel and they understand how their words show
people that they can get what they want because marketing is about giving
someone what they want.
Okay.
Not about getting what you want.
And that's how they're able to scale.
Okay.
And so just understand that I don't want you guys to have analysis
process.
I don't want you guys to feel like a robot.
Understand this, go back through it, watch this again, break it down.
AI is your friend at the end of the day, just write and then look at
what you're writing to try to better understand.
Okay.
And then execution above all, if you've done the research and you know the
desire exists, you need to understand your execution.
How you communicate the desire is what will lead to real success.
Okay.
You get it.
You get right.
You get to have all of the best desires in the world.
But if you don't know how to channel them and you don't know how to
execute them, they're not going to work.
Okay.
So a lot of you guys this might be with
