All right. So in this video, we're going to be talking about market sophistication. Now,
I want to be a hundred percent clear that I'm going to try to make this as simple
and as easy as possible to understand for you, because I know that a lot of people when they first
hear market sophistication, like, what is this? But this is actually going to help you understand
why e-commerce is so hard, okay? Or why creating winning ads is really hard. Like, if you don't
understand this, it is extremely hard to compete in sophisticated markets, okay? And if you've ever
heard the word saturated, that's essentially what market sophistication is. But we're going to break
it down today. I'm going to make it very easy and very simple for you to understand. And ultimately,
again, remember that we're understanding these things piece by piece, product, desire, market
sophistication, we're going to shine avatars, we're going to stand angles. And then again,
I'm going to put all of this together. But let's go ahead and jump at the screen to get started with
helping you clearly understand. And even if you've seen the other trading on market sophistication,
you should 100% watch this, because it is going to make it so much easier for you to process
and know how to actually apply this to your ads or better yet, how to actually just be aware of it
when writing your ads. All right, so as you see here, why you need to understand market
sophistication before creating an avatar? Well, again, if you don't know, this is Eugene Schwartz,
you know, Shocker, it's his theory. And he actually created this theory as you can see here in 1966.
And it is actually still relevant today. That's what I love so much about marketing is if you
actually get to the fundamentals and to the core of marketing, a lot of this stuff still applies,
right? You have the product, you have the desires of what people want, you have the sophistication
levels, you have the specific people that you're going after, you have the angle essentially how
you're going after them, right? So there all of this stuff still applies. It's just the vehicle
in which we apply maybe back 50 years ago, it was newspapers or it was magazines or it was
direct mail where now it's on social media. Okay, but it still applies. Okay. And so the one thing
that's important for everybody to understand is that the rate at which these markets are
sophisticated is now faster than ever. And the reason why is because, you know, 50 years ago,
it would take word of mouth to essentially reach others, you know, and tell others that the product
just wasn't that great or that, you know, you had a bad experience with it. And even then that would
just require you actually telling someone about it, right? So for example, you know, if I buy these,
you know, this gum, I don't know, I can't remember where I got this, but it's plant based gum. Okay.
And if I had a bad experience with this gum and I just didn't like it, I'm probably not going to
go like tell people like, Oh, make sure you don't get, you know, refresh gum. It was actually good
gum. So I don't know whose brand this is, but at the end of the day, I'm not going to go out
really and tell people like, Oh yeah, I had this gum the other day and it was terrible. It's not
really something that I'm going to like bring up and tell a lot of people, especially go to a
stranger on the street and be like, yeah, don't buy this gum, right? You're just not going to do
that. And 50 years ago, it's kind of what it was like, right? So if people had a bad experience
with the product, they'd just be like, man, I mean, obviously, if someone asks me like, Hey,
have you tried this gum? And I might be like, yeah, it's not that good. Then obviously,
word of mouth gets around that way. But nowadays, you have to understand that as global commerce,
e-commerce has essentially, you know, grown and blown up, the, you know, the opportunity to scale what
you can sell and sell globally has been, you know, it's the biggest ever been is the easiest to ever
been. But you have to understand so and thankfully, so has customer feedback and word of mouth,
right? Nowadays, people can make a TikTok and make an Instagram real saying like, you know,
this is literally the worst gum I've ever had in my life, right? And as a result, now everybody is
just posting and like millions of people can see it, right? Like millions. And so you, markets get
sophisticated extremely extremely fast. And there's also platforms like Reddit where people can Google,
Hey, what is this product like? And everybody's saying, Oh, don't buy it. It's terrible. It's
horrible. You know, don't get it. Right. So you have to understand that markets are sophisticated
under rate that they never have before, which is why a lot of people are very secretive with what
they're doing in e-commerce. And on top of that, it's the reason why we see people, you know,
start an e-commerce brand and they scale to, you know, a couple hundred thousand dollars a month,
right? During, you know, maybe November or December, or maybe they get a product early. And this is
also just as a quick side tangent, why like, you want to be a good marketer more than you want to
be good at finding products, but digressing here, coming back to the straight line. It's not the
reason why people like they boom, they like they grow like crazy. They get to a couple hundred
thousand dollars a month. And then six months later, all of a sudden, like my ads aren't working,
like my Facebook account sucks. Like what's going on? It's like, well, you just found a product,
which you're, which we're going to get into that had low sophistication. And so people weren't as
educated on it. But nowadays, you know, what may have taken six years, or at least, you know,
three years now is happening in three months or six months, right? As a result of like how fast
information spreads online. And so there now your product is been like, it's been exposed, right?
People have been aware to it that market has started to get more sophisticated. And they've
realized like either one, there's a better mechanism that you can go and get, which we will talk about.
And more importantly that, you know, your ads are just going to start to fail because it's become
more sophisticated. Other people are selling it. There's now options and the market has grown. Okay,
so hopefully just like, I know we're not on the doc here, but just trying to maybe tap into a few,
a few of you who have experienced this firsthand. And then also for those of you who are trying to
find the best secret winning product is a, is a great product healthy scale. Of course it does,
but at some point, because of market sophistication, it's going to become harder to sell. And if you
don't have an actual skill set on how to market it, you're just going to be back where you are right
now with, you know, maybe not making any money or just stuck where you are. Okay, so hopefully
this makes sense. But let's go ahead and dump and jump into the five stages of market sophistication.
Okay, so the first one here is first to market. Okay, this is like for, I mean, I'm trying to think
and give it, give you guys examples for modern times, but essentially right now, like, AI is,
pretty first-to-market, right?
Like it's a very, very new market.
There's obviously like more competition emerging,
but essentially just for the sake of this video,
most of you guys do not need to worry
about a stage one or stage two market.
Like most of you guys are not in those markets, okay?
And a lot of you might think you are
because you have this really cool product
and you launch a product image and it's absolutely ripping.
Okay, great, most of the time,
that just means you found a new mechanism,
which we're gonna talk about in a second.
But more importantly,
I know that most markets are not,
like most of you guys in the e-commerce
are not in stage one and you're not in stage two, okay?
So you can kind of just ignore these,
but just understand that if you are
in a stage one market, which again, you're not,
you're going to basically just say like here's the product
and people are like, oh my gosh, like this is insane, right?
'Cause I've never seen it before.
Second is like competition starts to emerge.
So you're just saying like, hey,
my product's better than Bob's, right?
So think of it this way, like, you know,
if you're the first gas station in a town,
your first tomorrow, like it doesn't matter.
Like you could charge $20, you know, a gallon for gas.
People are gonna buy it because it's like,
you're the only one there, right?
And then, you know, Jerry opens up his gas station
across the street and now some competition emerges
and you're like, well, mine's cheaper, right?
You're like, oh, hey, my gas is better than, you know,
it has this, whatever it is, right?
So you start talking about the benefits.
And then stage three, and I don't know why
I'm using the gas station model,
but stage three is realistic to where most
of e-commerce marketing happens, okay?
So stage three, stage four and stage five,
is like this is e-com, okay?
And I'm gonna put, you know, little stars here,
just so you guys can understand,
like this is where all of the markets are,
for 99.9% of people in e-commerce, okay?
And so stage three, market sophistication,
and just understand like what this means is,
People are being exposed to claims,
being exposed to products,
and being exposed to your marketing,
and they become more educated
or more sophisticated, hence market sophistication,
the more that they see, okay?
So stage three market sophistication
is essentially where customers are skeptical
after sharing a lot of claims, a lot of promises, okay?
And for you to be successful,
you essentially need a unique mechanism
or better yet a new mechanism,
explaining how your product is different, right?
And so an example of this,
we're gonna get into them down below,
but, I mean, and for the sake of this video,
maybe I'll just save it for that point,
but just understand that new mechanisms
are what really dominate stage three markets
because it's new, it's exciting.
And a lot of the times, I want you to understand,
like zone three is like a really important zone
to understand because even as markets get
into stage four and stage five,
if a new mechanism comes out that actually does work,
essentially markets will circle back into stage three
where again, new mechanisms are running the show, right?
So again, an example of this is a Zen pick, right?
Weight loss is a very, very sophisticated,
like proudly stage five,
like everybody's heard every single claim imaginable
for weight loss, right?
But when a Zen pick came out, it was this new way
to get weight loss, again, that same old desire,
that kind of put it,
like it was just a new mechanism that allowed us to do so well.
And it actually worked.
So it really does help when the mechanism works.
And that's why you're also seeing people
in some of their ads saying it's like Ozambic
or nature's Ozambic or you see people like goes great
with Ozambic because they're leveraging the credibility,
which we can talk about at another time,
but they're leveraging the credibility
that that mechanism has, okay?
Stage four is essentially when you start claiming
that your mechanism is better, is faster, is easier, right?
And so that's when you start, if you think here,
you know, going from stage one to stage two,
is essentially you start talking about benefits.
Well, you then in stage four,
or stage three to stage four is essentially saying like,
hey, like my mechanism is better in this sense, right?
So it's a faster mechanism than traditional mechanisms
like mine, okay?
So you just basically one up people, okay?
And then here we have stage five,
which is like complete sophistication,
just meaning that this is where you really have to get
into identity marketing.
Fashion is a really great example of this, right?
Like people don't really like, you know,
shirts or shirts, right?
We have, there's so many fashion brands
that you're really selling to a specific identity,
unless you make, for example, maybe a new mechanism
where I don't know, this shirt cleans itself.
That's a new mechanism.
And now all of a sudden, like that's a really interesting
shirt that maybe people want, right?
So hopefully you can start to see what's going on,
help you guys not get confused on this,
'cause when I first mention this to people,
you're like, what the hell's a new mechanism?
How do I make a better mechanism?
What is, what's happening, right?
What's a new identity?
We're gonna talk about that down below,
but I just want you to understand that just know
you are in a sophisticated market.
And so that is the reason why a lot of times
you get kicked in the nuts or if you don't do so well,
because you're competing in a market
that is very competitive, okay?
And so people have heard the claims before,
people have heard that like lose weight in 20 days,
they've heard that tons of times, okay?
And so we need to find ways to be more creative
when marketing to these people, okay?
So just understand you are likely in stage three, four or five.
It doesn't, if you ask me honestly,
it doesn't really matter.
Just know that you're in a sophisticated market.
And at the end of the day, you just need to be aware of this.
You don't need to be thinking,
"Oh, did I make this a stage three?"
Like you don't overcomplicate it.
Just know you're in a sophisticated market
and that's the TLDR, okay?
And so now as a result of that, right?
Market sophistication is stuff you guys understand.
I already kind of mentioned this.
Like this is why most people say like e-commerce
is too saturated, e-commerce is too hard.
It's just a skill issue, okay?
But understand that, you know, more than three,
so 75%, so three quarters, 75% of your potential customers
are actually researching products before they purchase, okay?
And so at the end of the day, you have to know
that as the opportunity to sell products online,
it expands in people, make rules and rules of money, right?
More people are gonna run to that opportunity,
which is why there's more direct competition
and which is why people are making crazy claims to make money
because money's involved.
So people sacrifice their ethics to just make money.
And as a result, consumers are now having to say,
"Okay, I better do my research before I actually buy this."
Okay, the old days of just like impulse buying
something off the internet aren't really,
they don't really exist anymore.
They definitely still do,
but it's not like how it used to be in 2015 or 2016
where it's like, you could just run, you know,
like a photo of a water ball and be like, "I sell water."
And everyone's like, "Oh my gosh, like I can get water online."
Like, "Oh my gosh," right?
Like, that's first to market.
That's like true first to market, okay?
The traditional, like, bigger, better, faster claims, they don't really resonate like they're used to anymore and just understand that, like, success requires you to understand, like, your market is sophisticated, and so you making basic claims that anybody can make, you're like, "Oh, I read this book," and, like, Spencer told me to, like, talk about desires, and I know I know all about desires, I'm going to make some claims and I'm going to cook, like, that's, you're going to be ahead of some people, but you have to understand market sophistication as well to be able to, like, double check, like, okay, what are the claims that are being made out there?
Okay, now, again, as I mentioned, e-commerce all stage three to stage five, I mean, maybe there's some of you that they're like, "Oh, no, I'm going to stage one to stage two, cool," but if you ask me, I'm focusing on stage three, stage five, okay?
Again, the internet has lowered the entry barrier for brands to sell things, and it's also, you know, provided an abundance of information online for people to learn new things and find new things, okay?
Consumers are more educated than ever, and reports actually show, this is a deep research that we did here, that 67% of purchase decisions are now influenced by brand story and values rather than features.
So what this basically means is, like, people want to buy from, like, a brand that is aligned with their values and, you know, has a good story, which is why storytelling is so powerful and we're going to get into that, but that just, again, confirms that most of these markets are in stage four or five and again, stage three, okay?
So as a result of this, in understanding market sophistication, you get something called the Avatar Market Sophistication Gap, and that's what I mentioned in the beginning where even though your avatar is perfectly defined, you know, exactly who this person is, and we haven't even defined avatars yet, we're going to get there.
Your desires are crystal clear, right? And your product actually delivers a claim. Like, I know some of you guys in our products where it's like, this literally helps you lose weight, or like this literally helps you, you know, grab back your hair.
Yet, when you go and make ads and you tell, you're telling people, you're like, guys, like, my product works, like, come and get it, no one believes you, right?
And the problem is, is it's because you fail to communicate with your avatars the right way. Now, if you do have an incredible product, word of mouth will start to spread.
It's exactly like how I mentioned the beginning with those epic people realize this was actually working, and so what happens?
It, you know, goes, everybody tells everyone about it because it's like, oh, my gosh, this actually works.
This is huge problem people have losing weight, and this thing actually is helping me lose weight.
Oh, my goodness. This is a crazy new mechanism. You guys, you know, you guys need to go and try it, right?
And so at the end of the day, if you fail to communicate with avatars the right way, right, if you fail, or better yet, if you fail to understand that, hey, you're potential customers.
I've heard these claims, not just once, not just twice, but like a hundred times, and they see these claims every single day, and the market is very sophisticated.
If you don't understand that, you're just going to be scratching your head saying like, well, I'm going out to the desires.
I know my person, and you know, for whatever reason, I just can't, I can't scale like what's going on.
This is the reason. Okay. So some final important things before we get into this three strategic responses, which I've got to hide from you guys is this is what makes Facebook advertising extremely hard.
Okay. Especially if you do not have any true usps, which means unique selling propositions. Okay.
If you just have the same, like it's just a basic product that everybody is selling, it makes it harder for you as a beginner marketer to actually say like, hey, my product can do your thing because there's, there's so many beliefs around your product not working.
Or just potentially not being able to deliver the claims that people say they can.
Okay. And so this is where it takes a world-class marketer to market very sophisticated products, but it's also why world-class marketers go and market sophisticated products because a product is sophisticated for a reason.
Right. It's because a lot of people want it. But if you know how to market it the right way, you can make a ton of money.
This is why it's important for you in the beginning to potentially not go after super sophisticated products because your skill set is not quite there yet.
But at the same time, you will become a better marketer by trying to sell products in sophisticated markets. Okay. So just understand this.
Okay. And we have solutions where even if you have a sophisticated product, we're going to get into the three things here that can help you out.
You actually market it, but just understand this is what makes Facebook really hard. It's market sophistication. Okay. That is what makes it hard. So now you're aware of it. Okay.
This is the reason why bad marketers can get rich quickly when they find a product with a new mechanism or in early stage one to two markets. Like I said, it's usually not in stage one to two markets, but a lot of bad marketers will find a new product.
It's a new mechanism, right? And they start marking it and boom, all of a sudden they're off and ripping. They're doing 5K days, 10K days, 15K days. And they have zero skill set. Okay.
And this market specification, again, is a reason why that happens because it's a brand new mechanism that is giving people hope again and word has not spread out enough yet that, hey, this mechanism does or doesn't work. Okay.
Or if there's, you know, trends, like, for example, you know, there's a Dubai chocolate is like going crazy right now. If you look at Google Trends, like Dubai chocolate's going nuts and doesn't mean sell Dubai chocolate.
But just to help you guys understand, it's like, that's an example of a trend that everybody's saying, like, Oh, my gosh, it's so good. Oh, my gosh, it's so good. Right.
That's an example of not really a new mechanism, but essentially a product that is new to the market that has really good word of mouth. And so a lot of people are jumping in on it.
Okay. And so that's also how bad marketers, right, who have a great product and a great market can make a lot of money. But again, I would rather be a great marketer than anything else because if you're a great marketer, you can sell anything.
And then if you're a great marketer, that can sell anything. And then you also happen to find a product that is going crazy. That's where you see massive, massive, massive brands explode like crazy. Okay.
This is not something you test on your ads. You do not test different levels of sophistication. Your sophistication just exists. Again, this is not market awareness. So just on point three and four here.
Just understand that market sophistication is what exists. Okay, it's what is happening in the market. You don't test whether or not your ad is in stage three or stage four. Okay.
You just need to be aware that your market is sophisticated and you likely need to use one of the three things that we're about to jump into right now.
All right. So the three strategic responses for sophisticated markets.
First one here is new mechanisms.
And as you can imagine, as, you know, Eugene stated up here, if you introduce a new
mechanism into a stage three market, or really, I think into any market or you
have a mechanism that is bigger or better, especially stage three and stage four,
you're going to be able to scale.
Okay.
Now, the, the thing is, is why, why does, why do new mechanisms work?
And what are new mechanisms?
Well, new mechanisms are essentially where you introduce new processes, new
technology, or some kind of new something, okay?
Something has to be new that most consumers have not seen, okay?
And this makes familiar promises fresh and believable.
Basically it, it revives products or revives, you know, I don't want to say
markets, but revives brands because they have a new way of doing things.
And the thing is, is that whenever you introduce something new, it does one
thing, it gives people hope, okay?
And so rather than claiming like big benefits and, you know, this, hey, we're
so much better than these guys, it's like, Hey, this one thing is what's actually
going to make this work for you.
Okay.
Again, it's a sophisticated market.
So when you introduce something new, this is a secret thing that you've been
missing, or like if you've tried these things and they didn't work this, you
know, this is the thing that will make it work.
That is a new mechanism.
Okay.
So again, to understand some of the psychology behind this, sophisticated and
educated customers wants a clear understanding of how products work.
Okay.
Now the point, the big, big emphasis here is like, this could be over
complicated and we're going to talk about this in a second, but you don't
want to be overly technical.
You don't want to alienate people with information that is just like, you
know, I can't think of the word of it because of course I'm, my English is
top tier, but essentially you don't want to make people feel dumb and you
don't want to, you know, use massive words where people are just like, okay,
what does this even do, right?
People aren't scientists that, you know, they're not tech, you know, they're
not engineers.
So you need to find a way to communicate with people your new mechanism in a
clear way.
Okay.
So some examples of this is purple.
If you guys don't know a purple mattress, they literally just ditched
traditional foam, right?
And then they just came up with this new like purple, like grid kind of flex,
like mattress that is completely different that nobody's ever seen before.
That's a new mechanism.
Pretty sure they're like a hundred plus million dollar company.
Okay, see, this is a supplement company, right?
They have a dual capsule system.
So what this means is it ensures 95% of probiotic survival versus competitors,
20%.
Now they tied in a bit of new information here, which we're going to get to in
a second, but this is an example of a new mechanism.
This specific capsule is what allows you to get more from your specific
multivitamin that you're taking or ring.
This is a very, very simple one as well.
These are all product generations, which we're going to get to in a second,
but like we're like product development, developed a new way for users
to achieve their fitness goals, right?
Another great example, HexCloud, pretty sure they're worth over $500 million.
What did they do?
Well, they introduced this Hex, Hex, I don't even know what it is.
It's like hexagonal technology, whatever.
People are probably wondering if I even graduated high school at this point.
But the point is it's like they developed a new technology.
Another great example, Ridge wallets, right?
They looked at the traditional wallet and they made it completely different, right?
They were the first to kind of develop that product.
So these are new mechanisms to deliver on things that existing products used to do,
but theirs does better, okay?
The biggest one of this is Netflix, right?
Netflix came out with a new way to watch movies.
That's why Blockbuster went bankrupt, okay?
And so just understand that these are examples of e-commerce specific mechanisms,
of other specific mechanisms, just know that the biggest mistake that people can
make when they are trying to communicate their new mechanisms.
And for a lot of you guys, it might not actually be something as a new product.
It might just be something as a specific ingredient.
It might be a specific way that you do things, right?
And we're going to get to examples of new mechanisms.
We're going to talk about these new mechanisms in the product or in the
new mechanism section below.
So there's going to be, again, three more modules that follow this, but just
understand that there may be new mechanisms in your product that you're just not
talking about, and I'll actually give you guys an example of this for one of our
brands, where we found a new mechanism that we just didn't see, and we were able
to actually identify it and then communicate it.
By the end of the day, new mechanisms are extremely powerful.
And to kind of hit this home, I want to tell you the Apple iPod story.
And so for those of you that don't know, there was actually a Korean company
that originally invented an MP3 player, or essentially MP3 in general, okay?
And they were telling everyone like, hey, this new MP3 is revolutionary technology.
Essentially, you can download all of these MP3 files that are up to five gigabytes,
and then you can store them and archive them in your device, and then you can
download them.
And they were just using all this technical language that nobody understood.
They were like, download what?
Like, what is a download?
What in what device?
You have to remember, this was like early 2000s.
It's like, what device?
What's an MP3?
People are like, they don't know what this is, right?
And then what Apple did is it came out with a very, very simple camp.
And for those of you that remember this, or for those of you that, you know,
most of you probably weren't even born, I'm pretty sure I was like five or
something like that.
But that literally said verbatim, a thousand songs in your pocket.
Clear as day.
All of a sudden, boom, everybody gets it.
Oh my gosh, that's a thousand songs of my pocket.
How is that, you know, usually with my Walkman,
I can only carry like maybe 20 or 30,
but like a thousand, like how?
Oh my gosh, and now everybody gets it, okay?
And so that's an example of using new mechanisms
and understanding how to communicate clearly
to the audience rather than like using tech jargon.
We see a lot of brands that actually do have
great new mechanisms,
not understand how to actually communicate in.
So I wanted to share the story.
It's actually one of our clients who is Korean
who showed this with us.
And it's a great example of how to use new mechanisms
and how to clarify or how to communicate them clearly.
All right, now the next one here
is gonna be new information.
And again, I'm gonna get into examples of new mechanisms
in the new mechanism tab.
So again, just bear with me here to go through
the final two that we have here.
And then we're gonna get into breaking these down
individually in the next modules.
I wanna go through all of them first.
Now let's talk about new information, okay?
So new information is one that for a lot of you,
maybe you're looking at new mechanisms
and you're like, listen, I'm not doing any product R&D
anytime soon, or I'm not really sure how to find
new mechanisms, even though I'm gonna show you
how to do it.
At the end of the day, one of the best things
that you can do is you can use something
called new information, okay?
And this is something that literally anybody can do
because education is powerful, okay?
And the more education, or the more educated you are,
around your specific product, around your specific niche,
around whatever market you are in,
you can use that as a competitive advantage, okay?
So this new information strategy basically helps
customers understand, so like you are essentially
providing customers more information and educating them
and positioning yourself as a result of doing that
as an authority, okay?
And so now, all of a sudden, people aren't buying
from some random guy saying buy my stuff,
or some random gal saying buy my stuff.
They're buying from an authority that clearly knows a lot
about this specific topic, okay?
And so this approach specifically can help people
understand their problems, so not just reveal problems
from an unaware perspective, but also help them better
understand the solutions and why they failed,
or their problems and why they're happening,
and the root cause of these things,
so just essentially providing them a deeper understanding
of what is going on, before they actually position
their product, or position the claim as something
to actually support that problem.
They're essentially showing their understanding,
and providing these customers with new information
that they did not know, right, around the product,
or around the claim, so that way when they make the claim,
they believe them a lot more.
So what this does is this essentially builds belief
in potential customers, okay?
And so just understand, as it says here,
education builds authority, and it builds trust
with skeptical audiences and sophisticated audiences, okay?
And this idea is actually a reciprocity principle,
meaning that when we do something for someone,
or if someone, you know, for example,
if I just bought you a Ferrari,
you might feel like you owe me something.
Not everybody's like that, but there's the idea
of reciprocity in a lot of people.
And so here, when someone, when you are able
to give someone value, and help someone with something,
a lot of the times people feel like they can trust you,
and like, wow, this person's actually trying to help me.
Well, if that's true, then I guess, you know,
the claim that they're making must also be true, okay?
And so again, problem awareness creation,
so this is where we go after unaware avatars,
can help very sophisticated buyers recognize, you know,
unmet needs that they hadn't actually, you know,
they weren't aware of.
Or again, like I said, when you make people,
or when you help people understand a problem
that they're having on another level, right?
Or you help people understand the solutions
and why they failed, right?
Or if you just help people understand products in general,
like you provide education around these things
through your ads, usually video ads,
and again, I'm gonna show you examples of this.
This is where you can start to essentially break through
in sophisticated markets because you're educating
these people and you're giving them something new.
It's new information, right?
It's a new mechanism, it's just new information.
And so some examples of this is AG-1, okay?
They invested $5 million into clinical studies
and basically created all of this comprehensive
educational content about these 75 ingredients
that they put in, and as a result,
have a $600 million business.
Now, I don't know about you,
but most of you probably don't have $5 million
to go spend on clinical studies.
So with that instance, just understand that, again,
if you do research, deep research, not with Claude,
not with GPT, sure, that can help you,
but you actually go and spend time
to like deeply understand your customers
and you deeply understand the thing that you're selling
and you deeply understand why a lot of these solutions
are failing or why these problems come from, right?
You're going to actually understand,
you're gonna be able to communicate this information
and now that's one of the harder things
is being able to take all of this boring information
and all of this abundance of information
and communicate it in a simple, clear, and comprehensive way
that takes a skill set, which hopefully you can develop,
but that is usually how new information
is shared through your ads, okay?
The ordinary did this as well,
ritual vitamins did this as well,
three supplement brands because these are essentially
the most competitive, I'm gonna remove these sources,
but these are all sources here that explain this stuff.
Now, just understand that when you use this strategy,
you cannot use like surface level education,
you can't be like, oh, you know,
you're a shoulder hurts because you're old, it's like duh,
you know what I mean?
Like you really have to go deep and understand this
and again, we're gonna show you some examples of that as well.
And then again, just remember that your potential customers
are not dumb, they are educated,
but just because they're educated doesn't mean
that you can't be an expert, right?
And this is what I love about this is because the more
knowledgeable you are in your space,
the more you can use that in your marketing, okay?
A lot of people think they know everything.
There's guys that, I'm gonna see it all the time,
and maybe you're one of them and you've ended up
buying involve anyways, but like they're doing 200K a month
and they think they know everything, right?
And then they come into evolve and they're like,
oh geez, like wow, I actually didn't know that.
And now all of a sudden, you know, they see me as an expert.
And so when I tell people something the next time,
a lot of times they listen, right?
So if I built trust in you from even you just going through this,
that is how that can essentially work.
be used very, I don't want to say maliciously but essentially, when you provide people
new information, it helps people understand things on another level, and that can build
trust and again, could build authority and help you actually position your claims as
something that she works, okay?
New identity.
Now this is a big one, and we're going to talk about this, and this is really simplifying
this down into avatars, but for those of you who are really good with brand, if that
happens to be any of you, just know that you can basically influence people to buy things
just because of what they get as a result, like, because of who they become as a result
of using your product, okay?
Now a lot of times we think this is only a branding, and this can also be associated
with products, okay?
So I don't really want to, you know, dox this person's product, but I'll think of like,
for example, like, Ray-Band glasses, right?
Like, I have the Ray-Band glasses, and as much as I bought them because like, they're
nice glasses, I mainly bought them because I want people to be like, "Oh, wow, like this
guy is like on the leading edge of technology," like, as much as like, you know, that's
a crazy self-thought, but the idea is that people are going to be like, "Damn, those
are cool."
Like, most people don't have those, so all of a sudden now I am perceived, right?
So this basically new identity is massively influenced status.
So how other people perceive your customer, or in this instance of my Ray-Band, of how
people perceive me, people will now look at me like, "Damn, this guy has got like these
AI glasses."
Like, that's really cool, right?
And so that was, you know, was it part of the reason why I bought it?
Not really.
I actually wanted to take photos and videos, and I just thought they were cool.
But a lot of the times people buy things because of what it represents, and not just
the product itself, but what the product represents, okay?
And so for example, it's the same way, I'll use an example that really hits home.
For a lot of you guys, I'm sorry Android users, but a lot of you guys, like, you know, you
probably have iPhones.
And then if you look at someone who has an Android, like, I don't know about you, but
I kind of think I'm like, "Why is that guy using an Android?
Like, why wouldn't you use an iPhone?"
And then it's funny because, like, Android users kind of see the same thing in us, right?
Or Mac versus Windows, right?
So it's like, "I'm an Apple product person.
It's why I wear air pots.
It's why I use the Apple mops.
It's why I use a MacBook, right?
And so that kind of is this business, bro, or like this business, like entrepreneur kind
of vibe is always like been MacBook stuff, right?
Same thing with Nike, right?
People buy Nike shoes because they want to feel like Michael Jordan.
So hopefully these examples are hitting home, but just understand that people maintaining
their identity is really important, and people, you know, having a cool identity is something
that matters.
And so when you can sell identity or a new identity, you can make a ton of money.
Liquid Death did this.
They did this punk rock, you know, environmental activism kind of brand where it's like, at
the end of the day, they're selling water in a can.
But it's so much more than that.
When you drink liquid death, you're not just drinking water in a can.
You're basically like going through this identity of like, yeah, I'm, you know, I look
cool while I'm drinking it, and I'm also helping the environment, okay?
Lossier, really good example of this as well, skin first, makeup second, and then peloton,
you know, like they're, they're just bikes, but they attached on screens and new mechanism
and then got celebrity instructors.
And we're going to talk about this as well in a second about how all these work together,
but then got celebrity instructors and all these influencers to go and use it.
Now all of a sudden, it's like this status symbol.
If you have a peloton, you're like, Oh damn, you have a peloton, like, wow, right?
So identity strategies are very, very powerful.
And to be honest, like this is selling air when you sell this sensible longing or you
sell status, like Rolex, you know what I mean?
Like people spend $50,000, $60,000 on Rolex is why the identity, okay?
Now just recapping the big three here, new mechanisms provide new hope to users.
That's simplest way.
Like if you have a new mechanism or if you find a new mechanism in your product and
you position it and you market it, that will give new hoped people.
They believe that this will actually work.
New information makes people aware of things that they didn't previously know, okay, whether
that's problems, whether that's things about solutions, things about products, right, whatever
it may be, this gives people new information and that helps them trust you, right?
And then helps with buying from you in sophisticated markets.
They see you as an authority in a sophisticated market.
And then the new identity builds relatability in sophisticated markets.
And when markets are very, very sophisticated, if you go all the way back up to the top,
this is where customers are not really looking.
I mean, they still are looking for claims and they are looking for new mechanisms, but
more importantly, they're buying base off with their identity, right?
Like I bought this shirt because I think it's a nice shirt.
I also, on the same side, don't have any suits because I don't really have that identity
of being like a suit guy, right?
So that's why I don't really buy suits.
But a lot of people do.
So just understand that identity is essentially selling more than what the product actually
represents.
And then from there, or sorry, selling more than what the product actually is, it's what
the product represents.
And then from here, just understand that if you're doing new mechanisms, sometimes this
does take some R&D.
It takes some kind of, you know, maybe you have something specific about your product.
I would highly recommend, again, watching Sean's product research module to understand
how he does this.
But new information and new identity are things, new identities, probably the hardest one out
of all of these, outside of depending on how crazy your mechanism is.
But new information is something that all of you have the ability to do.
And then when I say new identity, as much as I'm talking about selling more than the product,
you can actually use this strategy as well when it comes to avatars.
So that's why avatars are such a big thing because you can actually basically build
relatability and resonate with specific identities by having a clear avatar and understanding
your avatar on another level, rather than just, you know, having a bunch of influencers,
influenced people, or, you know, doing a lot of storytelling or building a lot of brand,
which brand building is like, you know, that is God tier of marketing.
When you know how to build real brands, you can do some serious damage and make a ton
of money.
And like I said, a lot of these brands here, like Liquid Death, not only do they have a
new mechanism in water in a can, they also have new information, which is saying like,
hey, this can essentially, like we're destroying our world by using plastic bottles.
And then number three, they also build this identity with this, you know, idea that it
looks like you're, you're hardcore drinking like beer or something like that when it's
just water, right?
So that's an example of a brand that applies all three and makes a ton of money in a very,
very, very, very sophisticated market.
Same thing with purple, same thing with, same thing with HexCloud, right, HexCloud, new,
new mechanism and a lot of times new mechanisms have new information, right?
So when new mechanisms, mechanisms are made, you'll a lot of times need to explain why
they're made, right?
So the MP3 was invented.
That's a new mechanism.
The information that follows is here's why.
And then the identity, again, gets built through association.
again by speaking to specific avatars just like how liquid death did with the punk rock and so on.
So hopefully this all makes sense. I know this is a bit of a long one. We're going to get into
new mechanisms, new information, new identity. We're going to have examples in there. We're
going to go through actual examples that we did for our brand. And we're going to show you guys
how to find mechanisms and ultimately find new information. And with the identity section,
Essentially go through the avatar
