All right. So in this video, we are going to be jumping into new information,
how to find new information and how to apply to your ads.
This one is very, very powerful because it doesn't require you to actually really
have anything crazy unique about your product.
But that said, when this is combined with new mechanisms,
that's where you're going to get the biggest lift from this.
But I'm going to show you guys how essentially just kind of standard products,
there's one slightly unique product and then there's one just very kind of standard
product that we're going to talk about that helps you guys understand
how we can find new information and how we can use it to make winning ads.
So let's go ahead and jump into the screen.
All right. So as you can see on screen,
we are now in the how to find information and apply it to your ads section.
As like the new mechanism section,
there is going to be a prompt for you guys use them to show you what that prompt
looks like. Just know that the key point here with how to find new information
and how to apply to your ads, this can really be done manually as well.
So don't just use this prompt to do it blindly.
This is where all of your research comes into play as well.
So when you're hunting desires and when you're learning more about your product,
what it does and you're just essentially doing, you know, market research,
you're going to be looking for any bits of new information that you can find as well.
Okay. So the main focus of this exercise and what you're trying to
accomplish here is you're trying to find a new information that you can then use
to educate your customers to position yourself as an authority that can be trusted
and ultimately create ads that help people understand how your product can
actually help them because you know something that they don't.
And just because maybe they're familiar with this product before,
the reason why maybe those other mechanisms didn't work or the reason why your product
in particular is actually going to work for them is because you know information
that they weren't aware of. Okay. And so it's very important here to understand
that you can use new information in a ton of different ways,
but it's very important that number one that you do this ethically.
And number two, that you actually don't, you don't just make things up.
Okay. Like, and this is very important that even when you're using a prompt
and you're having AI go and do this research for you, it needs,
you need to fact check it. You need to double check it.
Okay. Because it's very important to understand that there are consumers
that are hyper educated and so you can make yourself look like a real ass.
If you make an ad saying, oh, this is true, yet there's, you know,
more evidence that shows that it's not. Okay.
And so you really need to make sure that again, you are becoming an expert
when you are doing this. You are positioning yourself as an expert.
So educate yourself. Don't just run this prompt and be like, yeah,
that's good. I'm going to use it. The idea of the prompt is to give you direction
that you can then go and do deeper research on.
And this is what our team does to actually be able to find new information
that we can go deeper into. So the first example I'm going to show you.
And there's literally videos here for you guys to actually check.
I'm going to open this in a incognito window so you guys can actually see
it's going to pull up and you're going to be able to watch the video.
But I want to show you here that this is essentially a video
that we created that leveraged a new mechanism,
so bugle mechanism, but also leveraged new information.
And so we actually started this ad by sharing new information.
And so what we said in this ad was, you know,
big shroom companies are hiding this from you.
And what that does is that piques your curiosity.
Okay. Or piques the user's curiosity. They're like, well, what are they hiding?
And then we bring them in and we help them understand new information
about how traditional digestion kills a percentage of the actual benefits
that a lot of these companies are claiming, which is validated research.
Okay. And of course, you know, our new mechanism then says like,
Hey, like we can't make a claim like that.
And then not really say and not really have a mechanism that's different.
Right. So if you're selling mushroom powders and then you say, Oh, yeah,
mushroom powders, you know, get digested and and they
percentage of the benefits get killed yet. You sell mushroom powders.
It doesn't really make sense. Okay. So the information that you're finding
has to actually make sense for you specifically.
But in this instance, you know, you guys could check out this ad
and you can see it's a two minute ad, but understand that like these are higher
level ads that we're making. And so I have a more simple one.
But I wanted to share this one for you guys, because I know a lot of you guys
have asked like, Oh, what do our, you know, unaware style ads look like?
Well, this is an example of that. And this basically goes through.
And this is a editing masterclass. And so if you're brand new,
you know, you're probably not going to be able to make ads like this.
But if you're someone who is trying to scale a little bit further,
you're getting more familiar with your video editing, like this is an example
of, you know, world class, not almost a world class.
Like our team is pretty good. Maybe we're not world class yet.
They might like to think they are, but we've got a lot of work to do.
But this just kind of explains like, Hey, listen, your content,
these compounds are being destroyed before they reach your brain.
Your stomach acid is breaking it down and just destroying all the compounds that
you're, you know, and all the benefits that you're thinking that you're getting.
Right. And so at the end of the day, that is an example of where we are
sharing new information and we are positioning ourselves as an authority,
saying like, Hey, by the way, this is what's happening.
And that's why as a result, and you can see about a little bit later into the video,
we bridge it towards our product, which talks about like, you know,
scientists have known for decades that certain medications are better,
you know, being absorbed through your mouth or whatever it is,
then through your digestive tract. And it talks about, you know,
we're leveraging information from other specific medicines that are taken
in the same mechanism. So bugle just means like it's taken directly into
your bloodstream, like through your your doms, essentially.
And so this is where, you know, it kind of talks about here's how we put,
you know, functional mushrooms into patches and we explain and provide new
information for these people. Okay. Now one that is way more simple.
And this is one that I want you guys to actually take inspiration from
is the ad here that talks about how this soup actually helps stomach issues.
Okay. And so to the point of, Hey, is there any kind of crazy, like,
you know, did we put soup in lip packets? Like, no, we didn't do that.
So this is not a crazy new mechanism. They're soups. Okay. Right.
a lot of when we first started working with this brand,
they were trying to just market this as like,
oh, you know, soup, soup that tastes good,
or, you know, soup that's good for you,
all that kind of stuff.
But what we ended up doing is we ended up giving people
new information around how, like, hey,
there's a soup that can fix your stomach issues, okay?
Or that can help your stomach issues, okay?
So in this example, we share new information
about how the soup can heal the gut,
and this is not entirely, again, a new mechanism,
although the soup does have ingredients
that are actually good for the gut.
At the end of the day, everyone knows what soup is.
We just happened to share new information saying,
like, hey, this soup can actually help you, okay?
So stomach issues, there's a soup for that,
and then goes into its plant-based and gluten-free
with local ingredients, and then it promotes gut health
and eases digestion, and then ready in minutes,
you know, just a very standard Facebook ad,
featured in all of these social-proof areas,
and at the time, honestly, our team had no idea
what they were doing when we were making these ads,
but when we actually understand this,
now it's like, oh, I get why this is making sense,
because, again, we're providing new information
that if you have stomach issues, there's a soup,
and now not only is that new information
in the sense where we're saying, okay,
it has these ingredients, like all things
that are good for sensitive stomachs,
so things that are plant-based, easy on the stomach,
gluten-free, gluten is like, just ruins people's stomach,
so we mention that it's gluten-free,
and then we say local ingredients, whole foods, right?
Those are things that people know,
like when they have stomach issues, they're told,
like eat less gluten, eat local, eat whole foods,
eat plant-based, right?
And we call those three things out,
so even though it's so simple,
we're actually able to communicate everything
that we need to communicate to the user
in just this one scene, so this is all aligning with,
hey, stomach issues, there's a soup,
and then it's like, boom, one, two, three,
we're plant-based, we're gluten-free,
and we have local ingredients, and on top of that,
this promotes gut health and easy digestion.
Boom, that person has everything they need to know
in 10 seconds, so as much as this cinema over here,
we have a two-minute ad, it's cool,
and this is a very simple way to show you guys
how we can take new information, which is, hey,
this soup can actually help you with gut health, right?
Now, we're able to communicate that in a very simple way,
and that new information actually led to this ad
being a winning ad that scaled this brand,
you don't, 200K per month, and that's all I can say.
I won't say much more how much further it went,
but that's what it did, okay?
And so hopefully this makes sense to you guys.
Now, jumping into the prompt, as always,
what you guys are going to do is you're going to go into cloud,
and you're going to say, hey,
I have attached my prompt as a new information prompt,
so I will copy this inside of the school program down below,
and I'll say here's the product URL,
and here's the product name,
and then you're going to simply upload these two documents,
so you're gonna go to the Marcus Fiscation Dock,
which you should already have downloaded,
and you're gonna throw that into the cloud section here,
which is the Marcus Fiscation Dock here,
and then you're just very simply going to Command A,
Command C, so you're gonna copy this,
and you can delete this if you want.
I've just left it in there in case AI reads it,
but you can copy this,
and you can put it into the actual prompt itself.
This is your prompt that you're going to paste,
and then very simply from there,
you're going to let it do its thing, and so here we go.
So based on my comprehensive research
of recent 24/25 scientific breakthroughs,
I've uncovered several genuinely new discoveries
that competitors in the blackout blind market
haven't exploited yet, so here are the breakthrough findings.
So the information research findings,
so MT1 melatonin receptor break through
for REM sleep control.
So this is from McGill University, okay?
It was published in July 17th, so why it's new.
Scientists just discovered the specific melatonin receptor,
MT1, that controls REM sleep,
the crucial sleep stage for memory consolidation
and emotional regulation.
This cutting edge 24 of science,
showing that melatonin doesn't just help you fall asleep,
but actually controls the specific brain mechanisms
that regulate your most restorative sleep phase.
No blackout blind company is talking about MT1 receptors.
Look at that, now we've got a brand new untapped angle
that we can talk about 'cause apparently,
I guess nobody's talking about MT1, okay?
So here's how to use this ethically.
Again, use this ethically.
I've told Claude to use this ethically
'cause I want you guys to use this in a way
that actually builds a brand and doesn't destroy your brand, okay?
So we're gonna educate customers
that complete darkness doesn't just improve sleep quality.
It activates newly discovered MT1 receptors
that control REM sleep quality.
So perfect darkness optimizes natural melatonin's ability
to trigger these specific receptors
for deeper, more restorative sleep, okay?
So marketing hook sample,
scientists just discovered the brain receptor
that controls your deepest sleep
and it only works in complete darkness.
That is life.
Bro, like I'm laughing out loud right now, like genuinely laughing a lot because like that is this is a sick hook, right?
So scientists just discovered the brain receptor that controls your deepest sleep. I'm hooked in. I'm like damn, okay
So science this new thing. Maybe some people care. Maybe some people don't but what I love about this is it it dangles
The carrot right it says hey sign just discovered that like this brain receptor that helps you just be a top performer
To get your deepest sleep or like recover your best
We just discovered this new this is this new discovery right new hope new information new discovery and then we bridge it
We create this gap that says and it only works in complete darkness
And so unless you have our product you can't achieve it
And so I absolutely love this just as a side note to break down this hook like this is a banger hook
And this is why cloud is kind of better than GPT if you ask me
But there's an example of how we took this information
We didn't even mention empty one, but you'll see there's other ones down here
So new 2024 breakthrough why your bedroom needs to be pitch black to activate empty one sleep receptors, right?
Some people might be what's what's empty one right?
They might be curious enough to go and learn more about that and again
You need to avoid the technical jargon that confuses people confuses confuses people right remember the apple to Korea comparison
Right? We said a thousand songs in your pocket
We don't want to talk about mp3 devices and you know downloads and all that kind of you know technical jargon
You want to use things that are clear
So you got you want to be careful with the amount of like, you know new words that you use although empty one
Might be a good kind of like what's empty one right? It's a new discovery
So again the sleep secret your brain has been hiding empty one receptors need total darkness to unlock room sleep
Right and you could also position this empty one again this new information as like hey
I've never heard of that before right and so you have to understand what new information does for people
Okay, and so when you for example even make an ad that says something along the lines of like this the secret to better sleep is
All in empty one or is all in improving your empty one okay, and so now people are like well
What's empty one right new information?
Well, I'm so glad that you asked well
empty one is actually the receptor that controls the melatonin release in your brain and new studies have shown from McGill University Health Center
Journal of neuroscience right kind of show showcase credibility and guys
This could be done on your landing page as well or can be done in your videos whatever you're capable of doing and then from there
You can actually say hey, this is what actually allows you to you know increase it is by sleeping in total darkness
Okay, now I know you guys can see this one down here
Which is like light pollution accelerates Alzheimer's disease risk by 149%
This is where you guys need to be careful
Okay, and so this is and I'm glad that this is showing here because this is an example of something that is very low valence and
Something that is just very high risk and very high intensity and even though Claude is saying like yeah
This is ethical. This is an example of where you know
You're saying why scientists now consider bedroom light pollution a brain health emergency like that is very low valence
That is very high intensity and you're going to scare people and you're going to fear monger
Okay, I do not want you guys to do this
Okay, and we do not and there's a scale of like how much fear you want to instill in people
This is an example of like where you're scaring people into buying it and it's extremely unethical
And so although Claude thinks he's being ethical and you'll notice that in my prompts
I've also tried to ask Claude to be as ethical as possible
You need to understand like for example, this would be a better way to say that
This is like new research or like a complete darkness doesn't just improve sleep
It also protects against memory loss. That's fine
Like there's levels to the I don't want to just say compliance because not only could you guys get banned by scaring the shout of people and saying like
This is a brain health emergency like like as Claude to tone things down if it does this
So if you're not a great copywriter, you need to be aware that if you're saying something that kind of scares you, right?
You probably shouldn't be saying it to other people. Okay, so don't be a piece of shit
That's rule number one of everything that I try to talk about and evolve and in origins is do not be a piece of shit
Okay, and so again, here's another one where it says like I don't I won't even use this word because I can even pronounce it
But the neurodegeneration crisis hiding in your bedroom how light pollution damages your brain while you sleep
This is extremely low and it's extremely high intensity
And so what I like to do in these instances is I like to say hey Claude
and I'm showing you guys this live so you can actually get headlines that don't make
you a piece of shit that actually build brand because here's the truth guys and if you've
tuned out, tuned back in because if you try to fear monger and you try to do this, this
will cripple your brand harder than anything else because you're being a piece of shit
and people will catch on and guess what, not only will meta ban you, not only will they
ban your ad account, they'll ban your business manager, they'll ban your profile, they'll
literally, Shopify will take you down from your store because when you're being a piece
of shit that's what you deserve okay and so do this ethically and so here is how I recommend
doing it we're saying hey Claude, these headlines are very low valence and for those of you
that don't know what low valence means, it basically means they make people scared okay
so there's a valence and intensity scale, this is not something I'm going to talk about
origins but just understand that valence means how, what is the emotional scale so high valence
low, low valence so high valence means positive, low valence means negative okay and then intensity
is how positive or how negative okay so hey Claude, these headlines are very low valence
and are fear mongering potential customers okay, we need to optimize these headlines to
be less focused on scaring people and spreading information that may not be 100% true and
more focused on lower intensity around this new information okay and so here what you're
going to do is you're going to say this one here so for example brain health emergency
is way too intense. And then you can also say crisis hiding in your bedroom and light damaging
your brain is also way too intense. Please correct yourself and rewrite the headlines below.
That said, you did a good job with how sleep can protect against memory loss. That is as far as I
would like to go in regards to lower levels of valence. Okay. And so if I'm using words that
you guys don't understand, again, valence just means it makes it makes people feel scared. Okay,
and it makes people it's a negative feeling. Okay. And so when you do this, this is what
Claude is going to do. It's going to actually, and if this applies to other ones, obviously,
we kind of skip, skip past the other new information pieces because for the sake of this video,
we don't need to deep dive into all of it. But this is going to help you guys actually write
hooks that do educate consumers and do not scare them. Okay, you don't want to scare people. There's
just, there's just no positive outcome with that. So you're absolutely right. Those headlines are
way too for your migraine and intense. I need to focus on education and positive benefits rather
than creating insight. Okay. You're the corrected lower intensity version. So, you know, new research
shows complete darkness may support long-term memory health. Okay. New research complete
darkness does just improve your sleep. It protects against memory loss. Okay. And then scientists
discover how quality darkness contributes to cognitive wellness. Now, what you can see here is
it's definitely gone a lot more positive. Now, I'm not saying that you can't do low valence because
low valence can be effective. But when you go to high intensity in the low valence quadrant,
you just become a piece of shit. And I want you guys to be marketers that actually build a brand.
Because here's the thing, if you're scaring people into buying something, they're not going to be
good customers. And you guys should be focusing on getting customers that are going to rave about
your product, about your business. So this is, you know, a prompt that is very powerful and that
you guys need to go and do more research on. But you need to, I just asked you this. My one ask
from you guys is to just be ethical with the stuff. Okay. And make sure that you're thinking
through. And you're thinking about, Hey, how would I want to be marketed to? Because actually, I'm going
to give you one even better. Would you run this message to your mom? Or would you run this to your
sister? Would you, would you run this out to somebody that you genuinely care about? Because
if the answer to it is no, like if you would scare one of your family members into buying a
product, I don't know, you should be in this program. But at the end of the day, I want you
to understand that this is just giving you information more than anything to go and dive deeper on. Now,
this is something where like, okay, if it is serious, right? So light pollution accelerates
Alzheimer's disease. So what I would be doing is I would just be going and doing more research on
this. Okay. Like, you know, this mechanism involves disrupted melatonin production interfering with,
you know, whatever this is, the neurotransmitter depleted in Alzheimer's patients. So this angle
is completely unexploited in and again, exploitation is the key word there in the blackboard market.
So what I would be doing here, I would be looking at how essentially that when you have light pollution
in your room, it disrupts melatonin production. Okay, so like, that's kind of what I would be
taking from this. And people can associate that melatonin helps them sleep better, right? And so
when you have light pollution, it disrupts that. And that is why you're not able to sleep as well
compared to if you're, you know, sleeping in a blackout room. Okay, so hopefully this is coming
together for you guys. And so this is the prompt that you have here to use. Again, I'm going to
have to keep an eye on this stuff because this is very, very powerful stuff here, guys, like this
is no joke. And you need to use this the right way. And I am honestly a believer that, you know,
for those of you trying to build real business and trying to e-commerce the right way, which is a
message that I'm trying to spread here, you will use this the right way. But if I start seeing,
you know, specific angles and things coming up that I'm just not happy with, I will remove this.
So use this ethically, do this the right way. And again, new information is a very, very powerful
thing. As you can see how we've used it, right, stomach issues, there's a suit for that what
big-room companies are hiding. We're not going crazy here. But again, this is a great, great way
to inform people about real information. Final thing, it has to be factual and go and double
check that Claude did not hallucinate. Go do more research on this. Okay, don't just take Claude's
word for it. Alright, there you go. That is the new information.
