All right. This training is probably going to be very long. I don't know how long, but this is,
this is one of the most in-depth trainings that I think I have ever done. I have gone through and
I've basically cleaned up a little bit of the dock. I probably should be taking a second to
like digest and go through it, but I know you guys want this. And so I'm going to drop right in.
And I know it might not be perfect. There might be some things that we have to change while we go
through this together, but I want you to know that genuinely when I say this is the most
not ever I've ever put into trying to break something down. I can't even begin to tell you.
So I hope that you enjoy this training and I hope by the end of it, you have an understanding
of what a real avatar is at least if you ask me. And it helps you make a lot more money. There's
going to be a lot more that comes from this on like how to action this, but I wanted to get
this video over today because I know a lot of you have been waiting on it. And you know,
I feel like it is at a point where I am ready to present. Now again, I am going to have videos
just following this around me live building a core avatar, which we're going to get into.
Me live building a sub avatar, which again, we're also going to get into. We're also going to get
in how to basically optimize those avatars and all that kind of stuff as well. We're going to get
into ad execution. And there's going to be some tabs for nerds that are even more because I
basically have like another six pages of stuff that I had to take out of this. So I literally felt
like I wrote a book to be honest. It's not a very long book, but hopefully a very valuable one,
because again, I'm trying to condense the amount of information into a more digestible format.
Although again, this is over 30 pages. So hang in there with me. And I hope that this avatar
training goes down in the books as one of the best ones out there. And yeah, I hope you enjoy.
So let's go ahead and jump in. All right. Well, the evolve avatar training
begins with a definition. This is going to be a common theme kind of moving forward. But the
question is, is what is an avatar? Okay, and my definition of it is a group of specific people
most likely to buy your product. I'll say that one more time. Okay, an avatar is a group of
specific people that are most likely to buy your product. Okay, and some emphasis on things that
are important there. But at the end of the day, that is what an avatar is. Okay, you create avatars
to identify people who can buy your product. That is the point. Okay. Now again, the goal of
creating an avatar, I kind of jumped ahead a little bit, is to create,
I don't want to say instant relatability, but ideally instant, you know, maybe I'll put this in
soft whoopsie, command I create rate, create relatability. Okay. So that when people see your
ad or they read your ad, they think, yeah, that's me. Okay. Now thing is, is why does that matter?
Okay. Well, why relatability matters? Well, when people feel like you really get them,
Okay, they trust you.
And when someone trusts you, they buy your stuff.
All right, and I know a lot of you might have the,
you know, you might want to skip ahead
and start reading some of the stuff.
I promise just hang in there with me.
I'm gonna go back to full screen just for a second
because I want you to understand that
where this avatar training came from
before we, I promise we're actually gonna get through it.
But this came as a result of analyzing a brand.
I'm actually wearing the brand right now.
That's actually crazy.
See this brand right here?
I think you guys can probably see it.
It's called Comfort, okay?
And I literally bought this doing some product research
and also because, you know, I think I have a lot to learn
and we're actually getting ready
to do some merch stuff as well.
Anyway, it doesn't matter.
Point is, is they do, right now I think
over $50 million a month.
And for me, okay, I have a desire to get into that in a second
of wanting to be the best marketer that I can.
And so when I see someone that is a far better marketer
than me, okay?
Far better.
Crushing it.
So many of you might be like,
"Oh, whatever, he got lucky."
Or, you know, he sells fashion or whatever it is.
But a lot of you don't understand
that if you actually just pay attention,
you study, bro, you can actually learn a lot, okay?
And so as a result of seeing this and having envy,
but good envy of like, what is this guy doing?
The one thing that I identified is one obviously volume
for those of you that don't know a large,
or like one of the main ways he is scaling his brand
is through volume, okay?
He generates over 10,000 videos a week,
probably more at this point.
If I know when you're watching it,
it could be double that.
I don't know, okay?
And the point is, is that he has that volume,
but on top of that, he has one other thing.
And this is my perception of it.
So, you know, he might explain it differently,
but what I look at is he has relatability, okay?
He is relating with people at a scale that we have never seen.
And I'm pretty sure he's actually said this publicly,
but when I saw that, I didn't really get it at first,
but now as a result of basically putting my brand
into this paper and really studying it
and trying to understand, again, this is just one brand,
but there's a lot of different brand scenarios
that we're gonna get into.
So hopefully you're still watching,
but the point is, is that I saw how important
being relatable was in today's market.
Now, this might change, but at the end of the day,
I think the more relatable that we can be with people,
the more trust that we can build with people
and the more fuel good that we can have essentially.
And I don't wanna get confusing with,
'cause we're gonna cover a lot of terms,
but the point is, is that relatability
is massive in today's market, okay?
And so at the end of the day,
that is why relatability matters,
because the more relatable that we can be with people
or like the more people that we can relate to,
essentially the more that we can scale, right?
Now, here's the problem.
A lot of you guys are probably gonna relate with this, okay?
So for most brands, avatars, ICPs,
which stands for ideal customer profiles, personas,
they all mean the same thing,
I'm actually gonna talk about all of their random definitions.
It's all the same shit, okay?
It's a specific group of people likely to buy a product, okay?
And so all of these, for most brands,
for most of you guys, and I've seen this now
with almost every single brand that I ask, okay?
I say, what is your avatar?
And the first thing that they say is a fucking demographic,
and I might swear in this video,
because I'm very passionate about this,
but that's the first thing that everybody says, okay?
And it's some generalized profile, you know?
It's like Susan, who is, you know, she's a corporate worker,
she's 47 and a half years old, she's got two kids,
and it's like, bro, like none of that shit matters.
Like there's some stuff in there that matters,
but it's like, what are you gonna do with that?
You know what I mean?
And like, we're literally guilty of this,
'cause we give people a prop that it's like,
identify your avatar, it's like,
you run the prop and then you get, you know,
you get Susan or you get Brad, who's a Jim bro,
and it's like, cool, okay, that's good to know,
but like, what do we do with that, right?
It's not actionable, okay?
And so again, these are just things that a lot of times,
because I could tell you this for a fact,
we just make these avatars and then we hardly ever look at them,
like we consider them, good marketers consider them,
but like most of us, we're like, yeah, yeah,
we're targeting women, whatever, we just go, right?
And so these avatar trains,
just like, they just don't, they don't really do anything.
And that's what I have tried.
That's why there's 32 pages here of stuff
that's gonna help you actually use this avatar
and actually build this into your strategy.
Like your strategy will essentially be
revolved around avatars, okay?
So you guys are gonna see this kind of happen,
but here's the thing, okay?
So the biggest problem is like, like I just mentioned,
you might think about them once or twice
when you're making your ads,
maybe you make it for the first time like, okay,
I'm gonna make an ad for Susan,
but then at the end of the day,
you just kind of forget about it.
It's like, and then the avatar just goes out the window
and you're just on to the next thing, right?
'Cause you're getting busy and you're like,
oh, I saw a new angle, you know, we always cook,
I don't know, socials about a template,
but like she's actually legit,
but you know, you see a dude dar identity video
talking about how us versus them is back or Andrew,
whatever this dumb crap is that you guys see,
and then you just forget about it, okay?
And so the end is not dumb crap.
All those guys provide a lot of value, just be clear.
But that is the biggest problem, okay?
Most avatars are not actionable.
And if something is not actionable, you will not do it, okay?
And so I hate wasting my time doing stuff
that we're just not gonna use.
Like if you wanna like really piss me off now,
it's like, have me do something that doesn't matter.
Like I just don't care, like I don't care to do things
that don't actually help me make more money, okay?
Because sure, can knowing your avatar help?
Yeah, but if you don't use it,
it's like, you might as well don't even know about it, okay?
And so the truth is, is that if you're actually targeting
avatars, or sorry, I'm gonna pause here for a second,
because the truth is a lot of you guys, you write ads,
but like you don't actually think about your avatar, okay?
And a lot of you don't know this, and I didn't know this,
but you have to understand that every single
add that you write is actually targeting a specific avatar.
So I'm going to say that again.
So even if you write an ad work, doesn't feel like you're targeting an avatar,
you are, and in this training, or in our instance, in our definition,
Spencer's definition of avatars, you are okay.
And so at the end of the day, if we are targeting an avatar with every single
ad that we write, we should probably be pretty, we should probably be going
pretty deep into that, you know what I'm saying?
And so the truth is, okay, is that no matter what you write, you're targeting.
And the problem is, like I said, most of you guys, and the reason why you cannot
scale and the reason why you're stuck is because you're targeting avatars
that are super broad.
And I promise like the next pages are going to go faster just as a side point.
I'm just like really trying to like help you guys understand the problem
with how you guys create avatars so we can, so we can get through that belief.
Okay.
And we can start on building relatability with you here.
Okay.
So try to do so you, we can get past this belief around avatars don't matter.
And help you understand that avatars are everything.
Okay.
And so the problem is, again, is that the avatars that you're targeting are
usually super broad.
I'm going to show you examples of that.
And they're not relatable.
Okay.
Which is why most people suck at making ads and which is why most people's ads
do not work.
Okay.
And so the avatar training is going to completely shift your mindset around
avatars is going to help you create avatars that don't suck and are actually
actionable.
Okay.
In every single one of your ads.
And at the end of the day, it's going to help you put your avatars into action.
Okay.
You will learn how to identify what your avatar wants, figure out what they've
been through, understand how they feel, learn what they do and optimize it in your
ads.
Okay.
That is what I'm going to try to cover in this training.
Now you might be sitting there saying, okay, Spencer.
So what is an avatar?
Okay.
Especially for e-commerce, but like what is an avatar?
Because we're about to be using this at our company as well.
But an avatar, as mentioned above, is also known as persona, a customer
persona, a bar persona, you as a persona, ICP, customer profile, bar profile,
target audience, target network, any of these like target person, you know,
group of people, like that is what an avatar is.
So just so we can be clear, like, I don't want people asking, well, is there a
difference between an avatar persona?
No, it's the same shit.
If you want to call it a customer profile or an ICP or a target market, I
don't care what you call it.
I call it an avatar because that's just the word that I've been using.
And so that's what it is.
But at the end of the day, these are all the same thing.
Okay.
Again, these are a group of specific people most likely to buy a product.
Now, what an avatar really is, okay, is a group of people who are unified
by similar things.
What things?
We're going to get into those very shortly, but your avatar is at the core
of your creative strategy or said better should be at the core of your
credit strategy.
At the end of the day, you know, I don't care what you do, but if you ask me,
if you want to make more money, you should probably have an avatar at the
core of your strategy.
So whether again, you are aware of it or not, you are targeting an avatar with
every single ad creative that you make.
However, common and broad avatars have been extremely sophisticated in e-commerce,
right?
2015, if you threw up an ad that was like very broad that said, we sell pans
online, guess what?
That's dope because most people don't buy things online.
And but it was a new way.
I said, I could buy this online.
That's cool, right?
Not really like that anymore.
Okay.
So what that means is, is that the most common avatars that everyone
thinks of are already being called out and sold to.
Okay, so by you getting this training, you're about to develop something that
most people do not even consider or think about whatsoever.
They just think about like making an ad that could sell their stuff.
And when you do that, you sell to common and broad avatars.
Cause what's the first thing that, that anybody will do when they go to
sell a product as they just go to the most obvious people at the target, right?
And so at that point, it's like, you know, you're just like everybody else.
And so you're wondering like, why can't you get better results than 95% of
people who start shop flight brands is because you're doing the things
that 95% of people are doing.
Okay.
And so due to how competitive e-commerce is and the fact that it gets
more competitive every single day, most people fail to make creators
at work because they call out the same avatar as everyone else.
And here's the big kicker.
I held back from saying this with this same mechanism and information
that everyone else has.
Okay.
And I just realized, I think I'm, I think I'm zoomed in enough, but let me
maybe zoom in a little bit more so you guys can really lock in with me here.
which means okay, so take this in. I want you guys to understand this. This is why you're,
this is why you're sucking right now. And this is why this is why scaling is so hard. Okay,
because you're calling out the same avatars everyone else with the same mechanisms and
information. Okay, we talked about new mechanisms. We talked about new information. So that can help
you, but that will only get you so far. And again, if you're calling out the same avatars everyone
else, okay, then you are just going to blend in and nobody's giving you some people will buy
your stuff. Maybe you'll get lucky with people buying your stuff, depending on the product at the
end of the day, you're not going to be able to scale super hard. So this means the only way that
you can actually succeed when targeting broad avatars is one, you have a great product with
the new mechanism. Okay, or two, you're able to educate people and provide them new information.
Or this is kind of three, you have the best offer in your market. And we already talked about the
first two and we could talk about offers another time. But I want you guys to understand that
if you completely ignore this avatar training, or if you don't actually take this avatar training
seriously, you're relying solely on like your ability to scale relies on your product and its
mechanisms, and your ability to educate people and provide them new information. That's it. Otherwise,
you're in a race to the bottom with your offer. And or you need to be extremely creative with
offers, which is something I've been working on for five years. And I'm still learning new stuff
literally today, like, you know, five years in, and I'm still learning new stuff about offers. So
like this can take time. But at the end of the day, you need to understand the importance of avatars,
because if you don't take this seriously, you better have a badass product, or you better be a
complete friggin expert. And even then, even if you are a complete expert, right? Or even if you
have insane mechanisms, if you don't know how to communicate it, you're going to struggle. Okay.
But again, by having a clear avatar, it tells you what to say in your ads, how to say it, what
emotions to trigger, and how to make strangers feel like your product was made specifically for them,
even if you don't have anything incredibly new or moving. Now, again, as a reminder,
meta targeting is now done 99% by the actual creative. Okay, so not the audience that you
selected in the outside level, although some people love to think that. And again, this is an
exaggerated claim for everybody is like, Oh, which is 99% credit. It's not exact. Okay. But this is,
you know, the day targeting is done by the creative, not by clicking buttons. Okay.
So if you want to target an avatar, and has to be done through the creative and not by selecting
specific interests on meta, I think we can all get past that. And again, meta also rewards
relevance, okay, which means the more your creative resonates with your specific avatar,
the lower your cost will be and the higher your conversions will be. Okay. So in short,
identifying and building a proper avatar is how you actually scale in modern day e-commerce. Okay.
And at the end of the day, if I've, if you've just listed me blabber here for about 15 minutes,
and you're like, Spencer, I still don't get it, my favorite way to explain avatars is memes or
relatable videos online. Okay, if you're going through this document, you have likely watched a
TikTok or Instagram reel or had a friend send you something that was relatable, right? So if
someone sends you, it's like, you know, your one buddy who never leaves his room, right? And you
get that video and you laugh, right? That's relatable. That's fun. It might be relatable to
you. But if you're someone who is literally never in your room, guess what? That's not relatable.
You're gonna be like, that's not me. Boom, scroll right by it. See how that works? Okay.
So again, why was it relatable? Because a video calls out a specific avatar, and you're like,
well, how was, you know, someone who stays in his room? Okay, maybe I get it. We're going to talk
about that a little bit deeper. Again, there's 30 more pages here. Okay. And again, if you identify
with it, as a result, you have said, you know, that is me, which means that it worked. Okay.
And so this stuff works, guys, this is done at scale with organic, but we need to understand
how to do this in ads. It's the same shit, right? Now, what does an avatar consist of? Now again,
I promise we're actually getting in, but before we get in, I want you to understand
that this take on avatar is something that I personally have never seen anybody talk about.
Okay, like, and I actually mean that like, I didn't really steal this from anyone.
Try to think about it. I didn't really steal this from anyone, to be honest. Like, I made this
myself. It was me in Claude, a little bit of chat GBT, and just probably like 50 plus hours
staring at this trying to like rack my brain, figuring the shit out. Okay. So this, this framework
might be flawed, might not make any sense to you, or I think it'll make some sense. But you might
be like, Oh, there's a better way to do this framework. Cool. Will this framework change and
get optimized? Probably. But at the end of the day, right now, this is everything that I know
about how to make avatars that don't suck. Okay. So again, I want you to understand that this is
going to be brand new for most of you. And I know I'm building this up. So I go like, yeah,
let's match or just get to the damn point, man. But this, again, has been brand new to me. So I'm
trying my best to like teach it to you guys because as much as like I've been understanding
this stuff, teaching it a little bit different than I'm trying to simplify it down for you.
But just understand now we're actually getting into the avatar building. Okay.
Before we get into what an avatar consists of, or how to build a specific avatar, we have to
understand like how avatars exist. Okay. Because as it says here, avatars exist on a scale. Okay.
That has infinite combinations.
which means that you can create avatar so specific,
it alienates a single person and I'm gonna save the graph.
Yet on the other side,
you can create avatars that are so broad,
it includes everyone, okay?
And this relationship, so the scale,
is what some nerds would call like it's more linear,
meaning that it's very easy for our brain to understand that.
All right, on one side, we've got very specific,
and on the other side, we've got very broad, okay?
So it's simple and easy for us to understand, okay?
So if we scroll down, you can see we have one Pepe,
and we have all Pepe's, okay?
So on the all Pepe side, you have a heartbeat.
Anybody who is alive on the planet has a heartbeat.
So that is little, like if you're great now,
this is like, do you have a heartbeat?
Guess what, you can target the whole world.
That's basically what Apple is doing.
If you have a heartbeat, you can buy Apple.
Now here, we have one Pepe, okay?
And again, Pepe just means people,
it's just an inside joke and evolve,
but you're a 35 year old dentist in Tampa
who drives a red Tesla and drinks oatmeal lattes
while listening to true crime podcasts.
It's pretty specific.
I don't even know if anybody does that
but at the end of the day,
that's a pretty specific avatar.
All right, we're gonna break this down as well,
but at the end of the day, as you can imagine,
if you ran an ad like that,
you're probably not gonna have a very high clickthrough rate
because this is very specific.
There's not a lot of 34 year old dentists in Tampa
who drive a red Tesla drink oatmeal lattes
while listening to true crime podcasts.
Kinda crazy, guys.
And so, as you can see on the graphic above,
again, on one side, we have one person
meaning it's very specific.
And then on the other side,
we have all people meaning it's very broad, okay?
So that is very simple.
Now, I'm gonna pause here for a second,
take a quick sip of water.
Now, this next part is where things get more complex, right?
But again, I'm gonna simplify this for you guys,
but basically the rest of this document
is about the infinite combinations, okay?
'Cause remember, we have a scale
and we have infinite combinations.
This is very easy.
All right, we have specific avatars
and we have very broad avatars.
Everybody gets it.
But what about the infinite combination side?
Well, again, that is the part
that we're going to go deep on, right?
And the reason this gets complex
is that the infinite combination side of things
is what nerds would call like,
it's more non-linear,
meaning it's like kind of like never ends
and it's not as easy to be like,
all right, one side, one side.
This is like infinite, okay?
And so what that means is,
again, you can have an infinite number of avatars
that you can create and place on the scale.
And although, again, this is complex,
although if you ask me now, it's relatively simple,
but when I was first trying to explain this,
it can be a little bit hard to understand,
this is actually a good thing, okay?
Because if there are essentially
infinite combinations of avatars, right?
'Cause if you think about this,
just to drive this example home,
we could have 34-year-old dentist in Tampa
who drive a red Tesla and drink oat milk lattes
while listening to true crime podcasts,
or let's change any of these variables.
We could have a 35-year-old, a 36-year-old,
a 37-year-old, a 50-year-old, a 18-year-old, right?
Or in here, we could have Tampa, we could have Miami,
we could have Vancouver, we could have California,
we could have Iowa, I don't know, right?
And then we could have a blue Tesla, a green Tesla,
a neon Tesla, we could have a Maybach,
we could have a Bugatti, right?
We could have oat milk lattes, we could have drip coffee.
I think you guys get the point, right?
There are so many, and again, that is like,
it's, I think the word is exponential,
meaning that it's like, you multiply
all of those combinations, okay?
So there are literally like infinite combinations, okay?
And so my point here is,
we are always going to have someone
that we can basically relate to, end of day, all right?
And so with these untapped combinations
or untapped avatars that you can target,
we're able to actually find a area for us
to be in a little bit of our own blue ocean, okay?
Now finally, it's Messer, how do we create the avatars?
Well, let's get into it, okay?
So how do you create core avatars?
And now I want to put emphasis on this
because I didn't really define this up.
I think I did define it a little bit further down,
but core avatars, I want you to think of them
and I'm gonna go full screen for this just so it makes sense.
Your core avatar is essentially like,
it's like your starting point, okay?
And I'm gonna show you like the five categories
that you can pull from to start as like a core avatar, okay?
And then every single thing else that you do
to go more specific is a sub avatar of that core avatar, okay?
And I know like this is new stuff
and I'm not sure if this is gonna make sense
and for some people they maybe have a different way
of thinking about it.
This is just how my brain works guys, okay?
You guys asked me for videos and here it is, okay?
So we have core avatar, right?
Core avatar is right here.
And then let's just, and we're gonna get into the examples,
but I want you to understand the core avatar always starts here
and then from that core avatar,
we can build a bunch of different sub avatars, okay?
So I just want you thinking from that,
we're gonna have one core avatar that we start with
and then we're going to be able to build sub avatars
from that core avatar.
Now again, I'm gonna explain what a core avatar is
and what a sub avatar is,
but I just want you to envision that.
We have one starting point
and then we have sub versions of that starting point, okay?
And so I've developed what I am calling right now,
the core five categories.
Might change, but that's just what I'm calling them, okay?
And so what these core five categories allow you to do
is group people into core avatars and then more importantly group them into sub avatars.
All right, now I know that might be confusing but just understand that you're going to pick
basically one of these five categories to start as a core avatar and then you're going to use the
other four categories basically to create sub avatars. All right, now to reference the
language above. Again, you can pull from each of these five categories to make a combination.
And again, just be clear by combination, I mean avatar. And so for example,
34 year old dentist, that is going to fall under one of our categories called demographics.
Same thing with Tampa, demographic, drives a red Tesla, that is a behavior, drinks all milk lattes,
also a behavior. Okay, listens to true crime podcasts, also a behavior. And we're going to talk about
basically how and demographics and behaviors are two of the core five categories, but we're
going to get deeper into that. But I just want you to understand that is essentially what I mean
by creating like so starting with the core avatar and then creating sub avatars with the other
categories. Okay, so to make an avatar that doesn't suck, you must understand that the order
of these categories is what matters most for building effective categories. So I've
organized them in a way, which is like, these are the most effective things. Now,
some of them can be flip flop, but like the first one is the most important and the last one
is definitely last for a reason. But the end of the day, I'm going to help you guys understand
that again, the first category is like the most important. And then the last category is like the
least important. Okay, so effective avatars just to be clear as well. So just try to define this.
And by the way, I had to pump my hoodie off because I was starting to sweat it up in here.
But effective avatars are defined as avatars that scale and make you money.
OK, so I don't want to get questions from you guys saying, do you think this is a good avatar?
OK, I don't like a lot of you guys are going to ask that question.
I know that.
But a good avatar is an effective avatar and effective avatar is one that's working
and making you money.
OK, now we're going to talk about in later videos about the execution problem,
but at the end of the day, a good avatar is an avatar that scales and makes you money.
All right, that is the definition.
Now, the coolest part about how this training shows you how to build avatars is that
you can have avatars that have zero mentions of demographics.
OK, and like, I love this because I can no longer listen to people.
I'll be like, what's your avatar?
And they're they might not even they don't even give me a demographic.
I'll be like, yes, that's what I want to see.
All right, I'm going to start a new trend on X called fuck demographics, because
like, don't matter, I mean, they do, but at the end of the day, there's probably
going to be some kind of assumed demographic.
But I want you guys to be thinking deeper than demographics.
OK, so it is very cool.
But again, maybe it's just me with traditional avatar building strategies.
People always start with demographics.
We talked about this and that's why most people suck and making avatars.
So if you want to create avatars that your competition is not, and more importantly,
avatars that make you a ton of cash, you then need to focus on the top categories first.
And again, categories, I'd say category two is in a really good spot.
Three and four can be flip flop because they're both very powerful.
Honestly, the fourth category is actually super powerful.
You can even use that in the second spot as well.
And this will all make sense in a little bit.
But again, use demographics last.
So if you haven't guessed yet, demographics are the fifth category.
So I want you to think about demographics last, not first.
OK, the reason this gives you an advantage in the market and also helps you create
specific specific avatars that are more scalable is that you were not
alienating people based on logistics, OK?
And if you don't alienate people just based on their demographic, OK?
So again, if we scroll up here, this might be a decent avatar.
Maybe we're a 34 year old dentist who drives a red Tesla.
But as soon as I mentioned, you know, in terms of nowadays, but true and listen,
while listening to true crime podcasts, like that as soon as we mentioned Tampa,
although even that is kind of crazy, as soon as we mentioned Tampa, you know,
eliminates it, it makes it more specific, right?
And then as soon as we add 34 year old dentist, that makes it even more specific.
Now, sometimes being specific is good, but being too specific is bad.
And that's something that I just want to clarify as well as like, if you're too
specific, it's not a great avatar.
And if you're too broad, it's also not a great avatar, OK?
And so I want you guys to see this as like the scale.
And so if you're creating avatars like this that are super fucking specific,
right, it's probably not that good of an avatar, right?
There's your question.
But again, at the end of the day, if you created an ad with this, OK, the 34 year
old dentists, and this is a crazy example, and again, it scales and makes you money.
And you're printing to 34 year old dentists that drive red Teslas and drink
oatmeal lattes, bro, I'm pumped for you, OK?
So at the end of the day, I just want you guys to understand that, right?
But again, by putting demographics, demographics last, it allows you to open up
more opportunity for you to scale with things that actually matter, OK?
And you can have more success, again, by focusing on the categories of avatar or
like the five categories or the other four categories, rather, that drive real
purchase intent, OK?
So final thing here, and I promise we're actually getting into the categories
after this, OK, we're about to get into the good stuff.
But rules of thumb here, OK?
Avoid combining more than one desire when building your avatar, OK?
Again, Eugene mentions this and I live by it.
Can you have multiple desires?
Yeah.
Can you assume that one desire might lead to another?
Like, you know, if you're doing something for status and then status
leads to you getting girls, sure, right?
But at the end of the day, just avoid trying to combine one or more
surfaces, which we're going to talk about when building your avatar.
The more of these categories that you use, the more specific your avatar will be.
The fewer categories that you use, the less specific your avatar will be, OK?
So very simple.
How do we make broader avatars, use less categories?
How do we create more specific avatars, use more categories and use more of those categories?
The more broad your avatar, this is very, very important.
If you guys have tuned out, like tune back in, the more broad your avatar is,
the better your product offer and brand have to be to get conversions.
Okay? So if you want to target mums who are who just or let's just say mums, you just want to target mums, you better have a bad ass product, a really good offer and a great brand.
And for a lot of you guys who've seen care pod and again, we you guys probably have seen the case studies that we've posted, maybe you know the specifics, maybe you don't, we did very well for them.
Right? Our avatar was literally just parents.
Okay? We didn't really go that much deeper than that. I mean, and sometimes in our ads, we did and we didn't know it. But at the end of the day, they have an incredible product.
We had a great offer and they have an awesome brand. So obviously, it makes it pretty easy to scale when our avatar is parents when we have a world class product.
Okay? But that is like, for a lot of you guys, you don't have world class products yet. So you need to make more specific your avatar, more specific avatars.
Now, I want this to be kind of on a scale. So the more specific, but let's just, and this is what I mean by correcting the document, but not alienating.
Okay? Because I don't want you guys to alienate. I don't even know if that's a word alienating a word. I hope it is English major Spencer, but the more specific, but not alienating.
So very, very important. Let's just add this here, but not alienating. Your avatar, the worst your product offer and brand can be to get conversions.
Okay? I want you guys to think of it this way. If you literally were a 34 year old dentist, this is the crazy example.
I didn't even know I would reference this as much. I probably would have made a better example. But if you were this person and you saw an ad like calling you out.
Bro, you probably won't eat like you might not even need whatever they're selling, but you just buy it. You're like, dude, this is like, that's me.
You know what I'm saying? Like that like that's how powerful relatability can be. That doesn't mean, again, do not alienate, like try not to alienate because that's not very scalable.
I want you guys to scale make money. Okay? But at the end of the day, the more specific, but not alienating your avatar is, okay? Maybe I'll just add is here.
Just everybody gets it. The worst your product offer and brand can be. Now, again, I want you guys to understand that this does not mean sell a shit product.
It means if you have nothing like innovative or crazy about your product or about your brand and maybe you're just running a more simple offer. Okay? So AKA, it's more sophisticated.
You need to have a more specific avatar to build belief. And we're going to talk about belief, but I actually want to change this just to avoid confusing you guys to build trust.
Okay? So keep in mind that these categories are ways for you to to group people into avatars based on commonalities that they have and through a lot of head scratching back and forth and proof checking with AI.
I've been able to simplify this down to five categories. If you want to be a brainiac, although I would not recommend it because most of you guys don't need to go as far as I did, I want like we're going to get into some of these topics.
And like, dude, I was researching. Oh, I don't even know that I was I was in the trenches. But there's there's literally no reason for you guys to complicate it more than this for your core avatar or, you know, for your avatars. I'm just going to make sure this is clear for your avatars.
Okay, you just don't need to you don't need to complicate it more. Just use these categories. And if you're like, Oh, I'm going to record up like cool. If you want to add stuff, I don't care. But like, this is just like, I'm trying to give you guys a roadmap here.
Okay. And a lot of you don't need to think beyond this. All right, some of you, Maya, we're going to talk about those of you below. But most, I mean, like, unless you're doing like five to 10 mill a month, probably not probably not effective for you. Okay.
We will begin or we will be able to get into more specifics once we have a core avatar defined around sub avatars.
Okay, but at the end of the day, let's go ahead and begin. So again, take a big sip of water and we're going to jump into this.
Right now category number one is desires, okay, desires, as you guys should already know, although I want and I need statements that you've been hunting for, okay, you should have already gone through and gone done a lot of hunting.
To find desires, I was part of this avatar to create avatar series, right? But to be clear, grouping people by the core desire is not recommended for building avatars as those are too broad.
Okay, so I want you guys to understand that we're going to be focusing more on surface level desires versus core desires and I don't want this, I don't want the language to get confusing because again, I know we're talking about building core avatars and sub avatars and now I'm talking about core desires and surface desires.
At the end of the day, grouping people by core desires, meaning you group people by I want to be healthy or I want status is not really recommended for this avatar training because again, those are very, very, very broad.
Okay, and again, the broader your avatar, the better everything else has to be, as mentioned in the rules of thumb above, okay, so if you're ever confused, go read the rules of thumb.
Okay, now it's still very important that you understand the core desire of the more surface level desires that you find through research and we're going to show examples of that.
However, for the sake of building avatars, initially, I recommend using more surface level desires because they are more specific and help build better avatars.
So for brands at larger scale, so 500 K plus a month, those of you, I've just thrown around a number, could you do that?
On your case, sure, because you do it at a million, sure, but the broader your avatar, and I don't think I actually mentioned this, but the better your product offer, and I would say in this, okay, the more broad your avatar is, the better you also have to be at marketing, okay, so the better your product offer brand.
And marketing skill set have to be, okay, the worse, and then on the other side, the worse your product offer brand and marketing skill set could be.
So I'm adding additional one there again, we're doing this together guys, but the reason why I mentioned that is because if you're going after broader avatars, you're going after the avatars that the big dogs are going in.
And so if you're a beginner, or if you're doing 100 K per month, and you're competing against me, when I'm operating brands that are doing 5 mil plus a month, who do you think is going to win? Probably me.
I could also outspend you like massively, okay, and I have been doing this for likely longer than you.
Now, I'm sure there's somebody watching this that is definitely a better marketer than me, but the point is it's like, I want you guys to understand that the broader you go, the better you have to be at everything else, okay, and again, we're not trying to alienate, but with going to specifics, that doesn't mean
it goes super specific with our dentist over in Tampa driving to Red Tesla, but at the end of the day, I want you guys to understand this, okay, so if you're doing 500K plus a month, and you've got a really good skill set, and you want to go after more core desires and you want to go after I want to be healthier or I want more status, you can.
But again, these are very broad human desires that almost every single person has. In fact, every single person has it, okay, and they require a lot more having lifting on product offer brand and more specific combinations.
So again, product offer brand skill set and more specific combinations from the other four categories below, okay, so very important here, whenever you see this, it means read it, you should always start your avatar creation process with the desire over a demographic, okay, you can also start with some of the other categories, but desire first avatars for a lot of you guys watching this are stronger than demographic first or even the other categories, right, we're going to get into those as well.
I don't want to leak them yet due to the emotional pull that desires have, okay, so what this means is a.k.a. desires drive stronger purchase behavior than demographics alone, as I mentioned above, okay, so here's some examples of surface level desires.
And again, like I said, be aware of what the core desire is because that can help you with narrowing it down and creating sub avatars, but at the end of the day, I want to get better sleep.
I want my dog to stop point, I need to lose this baby fat, I want to be in control my body, I want to perform better in the bedroom, okay, at the end of the day, what were this is also.
meant to be that. But there we go. At the end of the day, as you can see, a lot of these more
surface level desires actually may attend to multiple core, core desires, depending on tech,
or depending on the context, which again, gives you more of an ability when you're going to like
narrow down and figure out how you want to write your ads. But this is why you must have so again,
just emphasize like this is why having to understand the core desires does matter. But at the end of
the day, you want to be focused on the surface level ones when building these avatars. Okay.
And again, if possible, in your research, because you're finding all of these in your research,
so when you see context, and again, I'm going to do a live walkthrough example of this, but
we're doing the training first, but at the end of the day, in your research, if you can try to dig
even deeper to understand the why behind the surface level desire, that will actually reveal
what the core is. Okay. And can help guide you in a better direction for everything else.
Again, but by using the other four categories below, like I'm going to show you very quickly,
you will be able to actually identify which core desires based on the experience, emotions,
and behaviors that exist. I just leaked three of the four and obviously no demographics. Okay.
So again, by using the other four categories, which are experiences, emotion, behaviors,
and demographics, I'm going to show you how you will be able to actually identify which core
desires based on the experience, emotions, and behaviors that exist. Okay. So how to check if
it's a desire underneath each section, I will have, and this is just kind of general knowledge
for you guys. I'm going to have one of these sections here. So I don't think each section,
I will have a checker that will give you a formula to be able to check whether or not
you actually have a specific thing in the category. Okay. I was actually getting, I don't even know
if there's like a term for it, but I was getting like word overwhelmed. Like I was like words,
we're just all looking the same at some point, okay, because I was looking at so many and I wrote
so many. But and again, like guys, you have to understand, if I showed my claw, my claw chats,
it would be super embarrassing. But you have to understand that I want you guys to be clear
on this. I don't want you guys to have like word overwhelmed. It's like desires, emotions,
like, what is this? Okay. I want you guys to be able to categorize things, hopefully easy. Okay.
So this is your formula or checker to make sure that you actually have a desire. And the way that
you're going to do that is to use the I want X or I need Y statement. Okay. So if you can't say
that in a sentence, it's not a, it's not a desire. Okay. And to even go deeper on this,
for you guys to be able to see like how to pull desires just from general statements,
you can see when doing research, you see someone says, why does it take so long to brush your teeth,
right? They're complaining about something, right? They're talking about problems. Now,
the desire that you could pull from this is I want to brush my teeth faster. Okay. Now,
how did I do that? Well, I'm just breaking this down. This person said, why does it take so long
to brush my teeth? Or why does it take so long to brush your teeth, right? They're complaining
about something. And so what we can assume, okay, is that they want to brush their teeth faster.
Now, this was just a random example that came to mind because I keep getting these ads of like,
maybe one day that person's watching this, but it's like, they brush your teeth, like really fast,
you put your mouth and it's like, and it's really weird. But anyways, back to the point here,
that is how you can find desires. Now, obviously it's better when someone actually says like,
I want to brush my teeth faster, what do you guys do, right? Then obviously, or I hate brushing my
teeth, like I wish I didn't have to brush my teeth, like what do you guys do as an alternative or
whatever it is, like that's going to help you find some desires. But at the end of the day,
find desires is pretty simple. And if you need more support on it, you could just go back and
watch the desires training and step two. Okay. So that is desires. Pretty simple, right? I want this,
I need this. Okay, those are desires. Let's get into category number two, which is going to be
experiences. Now, category two, these are situations that people have gone through in the past or
currently going through now experiences are one of like, this is one of the deepest sections. Okay,
this might be like seven or eight pages, but we're going to get through it together, I promise.
Okay. But you understand that experiences are situations that people have gone through. Okay,
you going through this program right now is an experience. Okay, you're experiencing something.
And so for effective avatar building,
experiences are split into two categories, okay?
We have situational experiences.
This took me, I don't even, it doesn't matter.
It took me a very long time to think at this,
I'm getting emotional.
But circumstances or situations the person is in
or has gone through, that is the situational experiences
or that is the situational experience.
So you watching this video right now is an experience, okay?
Bedroom gets very bright in the morning, experience.
Dog pulls you on walks, experience.
How to baby, experience.
Living in a small apartment within walls, experience.
God divorced two years ago, experience, okay?
Now some of these do show some kind of demographic,
right?
So if you had a baby, probably a woman.
We'll get in, talk about that later.
God divorced probably means you were married at some point,
okay?
But what I want you to understand is like these,
you don't need to overthink it.
I've already done that for you.
Just understand that there's situations or circumstances
that you have been through or you are currently going through.
Those are situational experiences, okay?
And again, these experience, as I just mentioned,
could be active, which usually creates more urgency, okay?
So if someone is actively experiencing pain,
they're more likely, they need to fix it, right?
Like when my back was really bad, I was trying to fix it.
You know what I'm saying?
Whereas here, or they could be long in the past.
And a lot of the times when experiences are in the past,
it usually creates, you can create more relatability
through nostalgia, meaning you're kind of reminding people
of like, remember when, right?
Like remember that experience, right?
Versus like, are you going through this right now, okay?
So those are situational experiences.
Now, one thing that is very, very important
is product-based experiences.
This is where so many people go, okay?
And yes, they're powerful.
And yes, we're about to talk about them,
but situational-based experiences are extremely powerful, okay?
And we're gonna break down experiences
in a very long section.
So I'm gonna try my best to stay with the doc here.
But product-based experiences are experiences
where a solution or product was tried
and a specific outcome resulted.
Tried blackout curtains and still woke up tired.
Used the dog harness and it didn't work.
Lost 30 pounds on keto diet, but gained it back.
Hired a contractor in Gotburn, okay?
These are product-based experiences.
You could call it service-based.
I call everything product-based.
It was a product-based experience.
Now, here's the crucial thing, okay?
When you see the stars, it means extra important.
For this category in general, but especially,
especially with product experiences,
we need to focus specifically on what is happening, okay?
As much as we can assume a desire
and we can assume an emotion or assume a behavior,
which we're gonna talk about, we just talked about desires,
we're gonna talk about emotions
and we're gonna talk about behaviors,
as a result of the outcome,
for the sake of core avatars,
we just wanna isolate the experience, okay?
So when you're trying to isolate these experiences,
just try to avoid including things like
what they want as a result, that is their desire,
how they feel about it and their response to it, okay?
These are our emotions and these are behaviors, okay?
So again, this is gonna make sense in a second here,
but so for the product-based experiences above,
tried blackout curtains and still woke up tired,
this has an implied desire
that the person wants to get better sleep.
It's not 100% true,
but that is the likely desire that we will assume, okay?
It is implied.
They didn't say, but again, so when you're doing research
'cause all that matters is like,
we're finding this stuff through research guys,
so all this stuff comes back to research,
I'm just trying to show you how to use the research,
and again, the walkthrough is gonna show you that,
but if someone said that they wanted better sleep
and so they tried blackout curtains,
but they still woke up tired, well,
now we know that is the actual desire,
so we can spot the desire, which is they wanted better sleep,
and that the product experience or the experience
that they went through is they tried blackout curtains
and they just didn't work, okay?
But if they don't say that,
well, then we're just implying that that is the desire.
People might try blackout curtains for other reasons, right?
Maybe they don't even want better sleep.
Maybe they just wanna sleep more.
Slightly better, it kind of means the same thing
as better sleep, but trying to think of a different example
here 'cause this still says still woke up tired,
but if someone just had a product experience
of like trying blackout curtains,
and let's say for example, they didn't work, okay?
So let's make this more broad.
For example, we don't know,
they probably will say in the research,
but I just want you guys to understand that if we,
if they don't actually say the desire
of like what they were trying to solve, right?
So they didn't work.
Somebody might have bought blackout curtains
to help with sound, that's actually something
that my girlfriend and I are doing right now.
We're in the process of like buying curtains to fix
like sounds like we hear in our apartment.
But at the end of the day, I want you guys to understand
that we're getting very, very granular here.
We're gonna take a deep breath in a second altogether.
But at the end of the day, just know that there is,
like desire that you're assuming could be right,
but there might be times where it's not.
So a lot of experiences have an implied desire,
but again, it might not be 100% true.
So I just want you to understand the difference
between an implied desire versus like a true desire
that you actually see, okay?
So this also has an implied emotion
that the person is frustrated
because if this happened to you,
what are most people gonna be like?
They're probably gonna be frustrated.
Or they might feel sad, like they're hopeless,
like they've just gave it up, like nothing works, right?
That's different than frustrated, okay?
And so we're gonna talk about emotions as well.
And then it also has an implied behavior.
Again, that the person is looking for a better way to sleep, okay?
We're going to get to emotional behavior.
Those are a little bit more to unpack.
But for this section, what I'm trying to get out here is that we only care
about what is happening or what happened, okay?
We will tie in the desire, the emotion and behavior and everything else down below.
And I promise it will be awesome, okay?
But now the point of experiences in this context of creating core avatars is
that they unite people because they have been through the same thing
or are actively going through the same thing.
So if I lost you in this breakdown, we're going to bring it back here, okay?
We're snapping, we're back in.
This is the whole point of this is to relate with people who are going
through a specific experience.
And I want you guys to keep in mind, I'm going to go full screen because I feel
like that was a lot for you guys when we talk about it in a second.
But the goal of avatars is relatability.
Never forget the goal, okay?
And so I'm breaking this stuff down.
I'm getting very tactical, very granular, very first principle,
very origins level of like, what is an experience?
Like those are very hard questions to answer, which is why this is taking me so long.
But the point is going back to the screen, we're trying to create relatability, okay?
And so experiences are relatable because many people have had a lot of shared
experiences, all right?
This is hopefully going to start to make some sense to you guys here, okay?
And the reason why I broke this down.
So many people have been to Disneyland, okay?
Very simple.
We're not even talking about ecommerce right now.
We're just talking about general shit, okay?
That is an experience.
You went to Disneyland, okay?
Some people are also at Disneyland right now.
Not very helpful because if you're running out saying, hey, are you at Disneyland right now?
Unless you're like a vendor there, it probably doesn't make a lot of sense.
But everything else that comes after that experience, so how they feel about it
and their response to it, which again, our behaviors and emotions, which we haven't
talked about, but we will, is how we narrow avatars down even further.
And we will do that in our next steps.
But because I can't help myself, here's an example of a situational
experience being broken down, okay?
So situational experience example.
I'm a big example guy.
That's why this doc is so long is because there's so many examples.
But core avatar here, okay?
Remember this, this is up at the top, okay?
Someone went someone who went to Disneyland.
This is an avatar just based on an experience, okay?
That is it.
There's no desire.
We're not implying why they went to Disneyland.
They probably went there to be happy or maybe they went there to make their
kids happy.
Maybe they went there to make their wife happy.
Maybe it's their lifelong dream.
We don't know.
We don't care.
We're starting with like, hey, have you been to Disneyland?
That is the core avatar.
The sub avatar, okay, is someone who went to Disneyland and feels that it is
overrated.
This avatar is now narrowed down by emotion, okay?
And again, we have talked about a motion yet where to get to it.
But I want you guys to see how we have brought, right?
Let's, let's, I don't want to go back to the scale.
Let me maybe just copy this because this is really good.
This is really good to help you guys understand this shit, okay?
Here's our scale.
Someone who's been to Disneyland, maybe it's like over here, okay?
Someone who went to Disneyland and feels, again, down here,
sub avatar number one, and feels that it is overrated.
Probably not like we have Disneyland here.
A lot of people maybe don't feel like Disneyland is overrated.
A lot of people actually really like Disneyland, why they're
building to our company.
So that might be more on like the kind of niche, more specific side, right?
Versus someone who went to Disneyland and feels like there's no better
place in the world, okay?
This is also, I'm going to clarify this.
This is also an avatar narrowed down by emotion, okay?
So here we have, we have been to Disneyland, quite a few people.
I don't know if that many people have been to Disneyland because we've got,
you have a heartbeat over here.
And you know, there's only like, I think like a billion or two billion people
between like, you know, well, even in America, it's 300 million.
People come from over the world.
And the day, Ben to Disneyland is going to be in the middle, okay?
You know, went to Disneyland and feels like it's overrated.
probably over here, like, closer to this way.
Again, back to the middle here,
Bend to Disneyland, Bend to Disneyland,
and had a great experience, loved it,
probably more people, okay?
So as you can see, we're able to create
more specific avatars by adding and layering in a motion.
We haven't even talked about a motion yet,
but just so you can understand,
the same thing applies with desire.
So someone who went to Disneyland
because they wanted to make their kids happy,
that is now narrowing down by desire, okay?
And I might talk about this,
but I want you guys to understand.
So it's like, again, core avatar is here.
It's where we're at.
And then we have a sub avatar of people
who feel like Disneyland sucks,
and another sub avatar of people
who feel like Disneyland's awesome, okay?
And by understanding that,
we can use that to our advantage, okay?
And now most of you guys don't run ads for Disneyland, okay?
But we can use analogies to draw comparisons,
a strategy that we will touch on at some point
in the writing section,
to build relatability with either of those avatars
based on what our product is like.
So we could say something like,
it's like going to Disneyland every day.
And a lot of you might be like,
how does that target an avatar?
It's like, well, it does,
because we're targeting people.
The avatar is, they went to Disneyland,
have that experience,
and their emotion was they probably felt great about it.
And so if we're trying to make people feel like,
you know, like our product is the shit,
it's like going to Disneyland every day, right?
And people are able to imagine that,
and that would really resonate
with sub avatar number two here,
which is someone who thinks
there's no better place in the world than Disneyland, okay?
See how that's working, right?
I'm getting creative here.
Hopefully this is making sense.
We could also say, it's like, if Disneyland,
I think I auto corrected this or accidentally deleted it,
but it's like if Disneyland was actually fun, okay?
It's kind of a weird ad.
I don't know if I would ever say that,
but that would really resonate with someone
who did not have a good time,
who thought it was overrated,
who felt like it was overrated, okay?
That would resonate with sub avatar number one,
'cause it's like, man,
that would be great if Disneyland was actually fun, right?
Might resonate with some dads who hate the Disneyland trip,
but they have to go on it to make their kids happy, right?
You know, like, again,
hopefully you guys, you can see how this is working, okay?
This is a crazy example,
why you guys just started thinking
about how you can group based on experiences
and narrow down using the other four categories
to build relatability,
even though we haven't even covered emotions yet.
So because of that, let's take a quick little breather here.
We'll do a little mid meditation session here.
Remember, if you're feeling uncomfortable
and hopefully people are still watching this,
this might be a two hour long video,
but I don't give a shit.
Remember, if you're feeling uncomfortable,
you're confused or you have no idea what's going on.
I wanna remind you that that is a good thing, okay?
Very good.
Because that means you're learning something new.
When I was doing this, I was in so much pain.
I'm still in pain.
At the end of the day, this is a good thing guys, okay?
And the thing is, the reason why it's making you uncomfortable
and the reason why it's painful
is because your body just does not like change at first, okay?
This is gonna get off topic,
but I want you guys to understand that like,
listen, not too long ago, like a thousand years ago,
we were living in caves, okay?
It's really not that long ago.
We were, I mean, maybe it was a little bit further
about than that, 2003,000.
Any day, it's like, if we were safe somewhere,
we don't leave.
Why the fuck would you leave?
There are saber tooth tigers out there
and other people that probably wanna eat you
and all kinds of shit going on.
Why the fuck would you leave some place that is safe, okay?
You have to understand, like I'm getting tribal here,
but I love the tribal comparisons
because it's like, ooh, monkey see, monkey do it,
like it's very simple to understand.
So that is why, like, if you guys understand,
like that is why your body rejects change.
You guys probably remember when the iPhone removed
the home button, we all freaked the fuck out.
We're like, why are they doing that?
And now all of a sudden, I'm like, broke.
Why would, why did we freak out?
It's so much better without it, right?
So your body does not like change at first, okay?
'Cause it likes to feel safe.
Again, remember, we've evolved a lot, okay?
And the more that you study this, the more it will stick.
And if you're, at the end of the day,
just for everybody else who's like, you know,
Spencer, I'm loving this bro, like I'm right with you.
You're dialed, but either way, whether you're like,
I have no idea what is happening, (laughs)
or you're ready to just like,
Spencer, shut up and keep going.
Let's keep rocking, okay?
So we'll build a little deep breath in there,
a little deep breath out, and now we're back, okay?
So now if we remember, okay?
Experience is just one of the five categories,
of the core five categories, okay?
So to start making sub-avatars,
AKA more effective avatars,
you can start combining desires and experiences together
to create those more effective avatars.
And again, more effective avatars are avatars
that scale and make you money,
but really that are more relatable, okay?
So kind of like how we just did with the Disneyland example,
but let's actually use some that makes sense, okay?
So example of desires and experiences
for avatar building, okay?
So desire, once they're cat to be healthy.
very common desire. But the experience, cat is excessively licking paws. Now this is a pop quiz.
Oh god, I'm my own best friend. Is this experience a product experience or a situation experience?
Cat is excessively licking paws.
All right. You got your answer. It's a situational experience. We screwed everything up.
It is a situational experience. Now, this experience could be caused by a product. So if
somebody said tried paw cream and now my cat is excessively licking paws or it's like
tried a paw cream and now cat is constantly licking paws, well, that would be more of a
product experience with the paw cream. Okay. But in this instance, we're just saying,
hey, I'm just noticing that my cat is excessively licking its paws. Okay. And so in that instance,
it's a situational experience. So if you got that right, good job. If not, hopefully that makes
sense. Now let's break down the avatars from this desire in this experience. So core avatar
number one wants their cat to be healthy. This desire is obviously very broad. Okay. When we're
on the scale here, you know, people who have cats, right? And again, you guys can also build like
subscales. Like this is just coming to me as I'm talking to it. But like, if you want to create,
like kind of a scale specifically for you, where it's like, okay, out of all the people that have
cats. So how can we narrow down from there? Because obviously, if you sell a product for cats,
you know, you could sell the people who don't have cats and convince them to get a cat. You'd
be a next level marketer doing that. But at the end of the day, you know, probably just
signing people who have cats, right? So I'm pretty sure like 99% of people, you know, if this is
everybody here has a cat, like probably 99% of them are 98% of them want their cat to be healthy. If
they don't, I don't know, that's kind of weird. But anyways, core avatar number two. So again,
I want to clarify, this is the core avatar. This is where we're starting right here. Okay.
We then have core avatar number two, which is notices their cat is excessively licking paws.
So we actually just created, we didn't create a sub avatar there. We have core avatar number one,
cat wants cat to be healthy. And if core avatar number two, and I'm looking over here so I can
see my hands and make sure they're on screen, excessively licking their paws. So this is not a
sub avatar. Yeah, I'm sure you had to make a sub avatar where you can see it right there. It's
wants their cat to be healthy, but notices the cat is licking its paws. Okay. Now again, for this
example, it's obvious that most people want their cat to be healthy. So we're gonna get some better
ones here. But the point is, is like, you can start a core avatar also with an experience.
And this is where those unaware ads come in, right? You noticing that your cat is excessively
licking its paws. Don't know why unaware ad. Okay. We're just talking about an experience that's
very broad. Obviously, the cat has to be licking its paws, but hopefully that makes sense. Now,
again, just like in the Disneyland example, we can we can use just the experience itself from
the above to create a core avatar. We don't have to tie it back into to a desire, although a lot of
the times again, experiences create desires. Okay, and I'm pretty sure I get into that. But
that said, it's safe to say we can assume that every single person, or at least I hope has the
desire for their cat to be healthy. With that said, I have to take a bit a big sip of water there.
The reason why I list the experience only core avatar is that sometimes the desire is not always
obvious behind the experience. Okay, so that in the went to Disneyland example, the desire underneath
that could have been a ton of different things. Like I mentioned, it could be one to create memories
for their kids. That's kind of like this desire around belonging, want to relive their own childhood
nostalgia, kind of like a comfort thing, want to take Instagram worthy photos. They want to flex,
right? This is not comfort. This is status. Okay. And so as you can see, experiences can be used
as the initial building block for core avatars and then actually narrow down with desire. So if we
use this as an example, went to Disneyland, that is our core avatar, someone who went to Disneyland.
And then we could narrow it down based off of the desire, right? So went to Disneyland because
they want to create memories for the kids went to Disneyland because they want to relive their
own childhood went to Disneyland because they want to take Instagram worthy photos. So these
core five categories are called the core five because either one of them or any one of them can
be used as a starting point for your core avatar. And then you can build sub avatars underneath them.
Okay, so hopefully that makes sense. Okay. So as you can see, again, experiences can be the
initial building block for core avatars. With that said, coming back to the main point here
around the healthy cat desire and paw licking, as you can see, by adding the experience
to the desire, we have an avatar that is more specific on our spectrum. Here's how it would
look on a scale. So again, core avatar number one want their cat to be healthy. There's a little
health book there. Core avatar number two, the cat is licking his paws. That's the experience.
And again, these are likely closer or not close together, but it's like most people want the cat
to be healthy. So anyways, it doesn't matter. Some avatar here is I would say these two were
meant to be closer together. People who are see their notice that their cat is looking at his paws
and want their cat to be healthy. So these two are likely going to be closer just because of the
fact that everybody wants their cat to be healthy. And it's not the greatest sample. I have a better
one down here. But at the end of the day, that is an example of how you can layer these things in
to make more specific sub avatars. Okay, so if it helps you just know that core avatars are like
your starting point, and they're very broad. And then sub avatars are like how you build them
out to be more specific. Okay, now again, keep in mind, I'm sure many people probably want their
cat to be healthy. Well, a bug with that said, there might be some people that just don't care
about the cat at all. So that's why there's a potential gap. But at the end of the day,
hopefully, as you can see, by taking the desire and the experience, we were able to make a more
specific avatar. Now, let's talk about a product experience here. Okay, so as you saw above,
we were discussing situational experiences, right? The situational experience of a cat licking its
paws. Now, let's talk about avatar building with a product experience. Okay, so want better sleep.
That is the desire. What is the experience? Tried magnesium and it didn't work. Remember,
that product experiences will always have an outcome. This is this is important. This should
have like the double marks on it. Okay, situational experiences, a lot of the time don't really have
an outcome. They can. I don't want to confuse you guys, but just know with products like,
usually there's an outcome. Okay. And so even if the outcome is I'm still
trying or I'm still testing it, that is an outcome. But at the end of the day, you ideally
want to have an outcome to know what happened with the product. So let's look at these core
avatars. So core avatar want to sleep better. That is the desire. That could be your core
avatar, people who want to sleep better. Then you have core avatar number two, which is
tried magnesium did work. That could also, we've got want to sleep better as a core
avatar. And we've got tried magnesium, but didn't work. That is the experience based
core avatar. This is a desire based core avatar around sleep. Try magnesium didn't work. Product
experience based core avatar. Okay. And now the sub avatar that we can create from this
is want to sleep better, but magnesium doesn't work. Okay. So again, we have the want to
sleep better core desire. And then we have magnesium doesn't work. That is a sub avatar
because we're tying in an experience. Okay. We're taking the category number one of desires
and we're putting category number two to make it a sub avatar. Okay. Now, if you've ever
wondered why market sophistication exists, okay, it's because of experiences across
the masses. So even the experience, even if this is very important, you guys understand
I talked about some market sophistication, but even if the experience is indirect, meaning
for example, I know someone who tried to dog harness or tried magnesium and it didn't
work for them, I still might not try it. Right. I'm going to give a great example of this
of, you know, Sean actually just had a, has it had a great experience with a product called
the gorilla mind. And I don't know how this came up, but it's a good example. And here's
a guy, you should try this. He actually popped into discord. And I was like, okay, well,
if he had a good experience, I know someone who had a good experience, I should try it.
Right. So his experience was tried gorilla mind and it worked. Okay. And so from there,
that just even though I don't have a direct experience taking it, because I know someone
who does have an indirect experience with them, I'm more inclined to buy it now, right? And
that's word of mouth. By the end of the day, the difference here is like people who have
actually tried it. That is a direct experience. People who have not but know someone who did
and got that information as indirect. Okay. But you don't need to get confused on those
just know that this is how market sophistication happens. So at the end of the day, we are focused
on experiences here. And as you can see again, we have two core avatars and one sub avatar.
However, in this example, we have a product experience that actually has multiple benefits,
which means it can lead to multiple desires. For those of you guys that don't know, maybe
someone sells magnesium and they're just loving this right now is studied to help with benefits
like migraines and bone health and heart health and all this stuff. Okay. So therefore, it's
important to understand that the product experience specifically to actually figure out. So you
need to understand what is going on and what product experience they had to be able to
figure out how you want to niche your avatar down if you choose to go based on just the
experience. Okay. And so what I mean by that is that if you want to study people or you
want to start your core avatar of people who tried magnesium and it didn't work, magnesium
may not have worked for people trying to get better sleep, but it could absolutely crush
for people who have migraines. And so if you're just targeting this broad experience, and
again, I'm just using the magnesium example here, but I want you guys to understand like
people are doing this with those epic majority of people get results with those epic. And
so they're saying in their ads like, it's like, oh, Zen pick, right? Because it's a product
experience that worked. And so they're trying to associate to the avatars that know those
epic works is I've never, I've never taken a Zen pick, but I know a lot of people who
say it works. And so now, right, even though I'm never taking it, I have an indirect experience
that was epic works. And marketers are using that to get people to buy their stuff. Okay.
And again, so if you're bashing a product, saying it doesn't work, yet someone has actually
used magnesium for a specific thing, and it does work, you're not going to align with
that avatar. Okay, so at the end of the day, here's how this could look on an avatar scale.
So up here, right, we have core avatar number one, which is want to sleep better. A lot
of people want to sleep better. Maybe not that many. This is pretty broad. I would say
I mean, it is still relatively broad again. This scales is like
you know, it's probably off, but just understand it's the
context here. So here, we have people who want to sleep
better, probably our broadest audience. Here, we have people
who tried magnesium and it didn't work, probably our second
broad, broadest audience, right? And this is just the
experience. And then we have people who, again, sub
avatar tried or want better sleep and tried magnesium and it
didn't work. Well, that is going to be our sub avatar. And
that is going to be the most specific. Now, again, it's
important to understand that you do the research to identify
how many people actually say, for example, magnesium doesn't
work versus how many people say it doesn't work for sleep,
versus how many people actually want sleep rather than just
assuming this is where they align. But hopefully you guys get
the point for the sake of this training. Okay. So the final
context here on experiences is that this is not to confuse
you guys but to hopefully help you understand even better is
that experiences often lead to the creation of desires,
behaviors and emotions, which are three of the other four
categories for building avatars. And sometimes actually lead to
demographics as well, like someone might have an experience
of like flying first class and then they want to change their
income because they're like, wow, this is amazing. And so it
actually can affect demographics in a way. But for example, if
you I don't know, depending on you ask, genders are liquid. But
if you have an experience and all of a sudden, you know, like
you can't change your age, let's stick with age, let's play
the safeguard here. Okay. Don't want to talk about genders. We
don't want to offend anybody or we're nice people. But you say
you have an experience where it's like, God, I wish I was 20
again. It's like, you can't get change being 20. You might
wish that you'd be 20, but you can't change like an experience
is not going to make it 20 again. Right. So to understand,
it's mainly the desires, behaviors and emotions. And again,
we haven't talked about behaviors or emotions yet, but we
will get there. But on top of that, they also enhance market
sophistication, build belief systems, create identities and do
a lot more. So although we're getting pretty deep here, right?
And I'm also telling you guys to just keep it simple. It's
important to understand that experiences are very like, it
is a little is a lot. Okay, you can tell by how long we spend
to talk about experiences. Okay, they essentially shape
everything about us. Kind of crazy, but also kind of cool. This
is by far the longest and most complex section. So if this is
making sense to your G, if not, again, remember, you're going
to go through it's going to make it's going to make sense. But
with that said, experiences are an extremely powerful way to
create relatability with users, whether it's product or
situational. However, when they are paired with desires in the
other categories, or the other, we should say, core five
categories to build sub avatars, can absolutely murder. Okay,
that's good. Do well, it can scale. There we go. So how do we
check if something's an experience? Okay, well,
experiences can be tricky as they are literally, like I said,
just 90% of our existence. That again, here's like a four step
question process that you can go through to ensure that you
have an experience. So number one, this is actually on a
four step is two step. Number one, does this describe a
circumstance or an event? Okay, so does it actually, like, for
example, I bought a laptop? That is something that happens.
Okay, I enjoy buying laptops or I buy laptops all the time is a
behavior. That's different. We're gonna talk about that. I
want to confuse you, but it's like, if something happened,
that's that's an experience. Okay. And then from there, it's
like, did we remove the emotion from it? Because I'm going to
show you in the next section, how do I add emotion back in? But
some examples of this of like some pure experiences, like just
had a baby, it's a situation that happened lives in a noisy
apartment. That's their current circumstance. Tritos epic and
it worked. That's a product experience. Okay.
not pure experiences, wants to have another baby after having a new baby.
That's an experience where they, you know, had a baby, right?
Had a baby was an experience, but this has a desire of like, they want to have
another, right?
So that is their desire.
Okay.
So this is desire and experience put together.
Now again, this is still an avatar, but I want you to understand when we're
trying to isolate for the, for the core avatar, we want to isolate these categories.
Okay.
Hate's living in a noisy apartment.
Again, this includes emotion.
Okay.
So living in a noisy apartment is the circumstance.
How they feel about it is additional context.
That's the emotion, because some people might love living in a noisy apartment.
Kind of rare, but again, I just want you guys to understand.
We're trying to break down to first principles here.
Okay.
So the demographic overlap is fine.
Okay.
Obviously if someone just had a baby, that naturally implies that they're a female.
And that's fine.
You know, we don't need to worry about that.
Okay.
It's realistic.
But all of this will make a lot more sense after we go through each of the core five.
But I just want you to understand what is happening first.
And I know we're getting ahead of ourselves and we're talking about behaviors
and emotions and the things that we haven't talked about.
But speaking of that, let's keep going.
Let's go ahead and jump into emotions or back.
Now, let's talk about emotions.
Okay.
Emotions are how people feel or states that they enter as a result of the
experience, desires and behaviors they have.
Okay.
But short and I'm not the, I'm not the most qualified to talk about emotions.
Um, some people would say that I am.
Emotionally unavailable at times, but emotions.
And when talking with an AI that has zero emotions, sometimes, uh,
trying to get down to the core of emotions can take a while.
And this probably took the most amount of time.
So I'm hoping this makes sense to you guys.
But as it says here, emotions are complicated.
Uh, but what we're going to do here is we're going to simplify them.
Okay.
So if you take anything away, before we get into this, if you take anything away
from this training, just know emotions are how people feel about what is happening.
So, okay, just how they feel about stuff.
Okay.
Now we're going to get into some crazy shit here, some specific stuff that still
like hurts my brain, but it's going to make sense.
And again, I'm trying to help you guys understand the core, but let's dive in.
Okay.
I'm really good at setting you guys up to fail.
I promise is not that hard.
But remember, the goal of this category is to build a reliability with our
avatar and not be a therapist.
Okay.
That said, in marketing, emotions are one of the most powerful way to group
people, AKA, create avatars as they strike us differently than typical
facts or experiences.
Okay.
Emotions a lot of the time bypass logical thinking.
Okay.
Give an example.
Most people would not logically slash someone else's tires.
Okay.
But when emotions are high, for example, from a breakup, if you didn't get what
I'm talking about here about slashing someone's tires, then all of a sudden
slashing your ex boyfriend's tires doesn't seem like a terrible idea.
Someone who's very emotional.
Okay.
So emotions can create this craziest analogy that is an instant like, oh, that
is me recognition in people and can make certain people feel even more
emotion as a result or even an enhanced emotion as a result of that.
Okay.
And so by using emotions alongside experiences, behaviors, desires, or demographics,
because emotions come from the stuff, okay, you are able to narrow down your
avatars and create a lot more relatability.
Now it's important to understand that there are two types of emotions that exist.
The first one is primary emotions and these are pretty simple and they're actually kind of fun, okay?
And so primary emotions are very simple. They're universal. They feel the you know people feel them the exact same way
Okay, and a lot of the times they they happen in the moment
All right, and now I don't want you guys to get confused by this
I'm just cleaning up my punctuation here
But at the end of the day primary emotions are very simple. Okay, they're the main emotions that are basically universal to all
And are very easy for everyone to understand now this again might now cover every single one of them
There's different theories on this. I was deep and damn rabbit hole about this stuff. There's gonna be tabs for nerds
You can see there's 35 tabs in this
Oh my gosh, what am I doing?
But okay, just know that primary emotions you can make facial expressions and we're gonna have some fun here
Okay, because obviously we're about an hour 15 here, you know, we're we're soaking it up
Hopefully you guys are breaking this into parts. I'm one taking this so you can literally make
All six of these primary or you can make a facial expression for all six of these primary emotions
It's actually kind of cool. Okay. Now again, some psychologists say there are more than six primary emotions
But for this training we'll focus on the six. Okay, but if you want more nerdy info
It will be linked here and you guys will have that document down below
One of the six basic emotions are primary emotions. Well, we have joy and as you see this guy's happy
Right if you're smiling
You're laughing right you're experiencing joy. You have a good time. I actually have a good time doing this
I hope you guys are as well
Then we have sadness, which is maybe some of you guys feel
Feel very sad right now. You're like man like
I'm never gonna be able to make e-comm work like this is so hard, right? So you're sad
Then you have fear, right? You're like, oh, like you're scared. You're like, please
Like make a stop
Leave me alone, right? Or better, you know, you're about to get eaten by a tiger and you're like, holy shit
All right, that's fear then you have disgust, which you're like
What like you might be looking to me right now with disgust maybe like
Bro, this guy fucking sucks, right? Uh, and then you might have anger because some of you guys might be like
Fucking Spencer guy like fucking avatars bullshit, right?
You could also have surprise and this is some of you guys are like, I thought avatars were gonna be simple
Like what the fuck you know what I'm saying is all this is ridiculous here
But the important thing here is like these are things that you can actually make with your face
We're surprised you're like, what the hell, you know angry or you're like mad discuss
You're like, uh, you know, fear. You're kind of like scared sadness. You're like, uh, and enjoy you're just happy, right?
Now this is important to not get confused because where people will get confused or at least where I did
Is that emotions are universal everybody unless you're a psychopath
Um, you don't feel emotions emotions are like universal and that can be an avatar on its own
Yeah, don't feel emotions. We got you bro. Um, also probably kind of scary, but
Triggers so like what triggers anger in people or what triggers joy in people or what triggers
Surprise or fear, I mean surprise a lot of people get surprised by the same stuff some people don't but
Those are individual and unique to experiences. Okay, so every human knows what fear feels like
It's just like certain things are trigger
Definitely, right? So what activates the fear like I just said it's completely different from person to person
Which again is great for avatar creation and this applies to the other five primary emotions as well
Uh primary emotions for the point of this training have one specific specific job
And that's to help you be aware
Okay, so just to be aware of like what people are actually feeling because a lot of the
secondary emotions that we're gonna get into not always
but a lot of them
Are actually a result of these things. Okay, our result of just like the primary and basic emotions that exists and
secondary emotions are more complex, but I want you guys to look at this here and just hopefully better understand like
Triggers to give you an example of like some people are terrified
They're super scared like there could be a little teeny spider right here and this guy's freaking out, right?
Whereas other people it just doesn't affect them at all, right? Like they don't care. They're just like, it's a spider who cares
I don't trust those people but the point is is like things that makes people sad like for example
Failure failing an econ might make a lot of you guys really sad
right
For some psychos like Michael Rubin who founded fanatics like he loves failing like he literally and he's a bit of a psycho
But he's like I love maybe he doesn't feel sad
He's like I love feeling because every time I fail, I know I'm getting closer, right?
So he says it diff the trigger is different for what makes him sad, okay?
Now there obviously are some some universal sadness and some things that universally make his anger
So people have really bad road rage some people don't care and the day triggers are different emotions are the same
Let's get into secondary emotions. Okay, so these are complex combinations great more complex stuff
I promise I'm gonna simplify this for you guys as well. Just hang in there
These are complex combinations that can mean different things to different people, okay?
Secondary emotions are your brain's attempt to label and organize your feelings in a way that is easier for you to understand
in short, they're like emotional shortcuts, and there are tons of them, okay? Just know for the
sake of this training, whenever you see a secondary emotion, it's just a sign that you need to go
deeper. And so if you take anything away from this, if someone doesn't literally say, I am scared of
spiders or, you know, being overweight makes me sad, then you should probably go deeper, okay?
And so in this instance, if someone doesn't specifically state a primary emotion or a version of it,
like I just said, you need to go deeper and unpack it and find out why they feel that way.
So here are some examples of secondary emotions and these really complex like bundled up things
that are just usually a combination of primary emotions, but not always, okay? I've tried to
simplify this down for you guys, but I don't want some of you guys to be like, whoa, it might mean
this or it might mean that, because secondary emotions are just basically everything that are
not this. And again, remember guys, the point of this is to build avatars that are relatable.
So it's important to go down to the core, because if we truly understand someone and how they feel,
we could talk to them properly. But the end of the day, let's take a look at this one. So
anxious, right? A lot of people say like, hey, if you're anxious, but it's like, what does that
mean? Anxious, as you could see, it's like, that might be different. You know, it's not even like
the trigger is different. It's just like anxious in general, it's anxiety in general, it's just like
a complex web of a bunch of different feelings, right? But the end of the day, most people
likely feel anxious because they fear a specific event or are future pacing sadness as an outcome
that hasn't happened yet, right? So it's like a lot of these primary emotions are like making up
anxiety. Again, anxiety is way more complex than what I just wrote here. But the end of the day,
I want you guys to understand like this is an example of a secondary emotion where it's like,
it's much more complex. It's not just as simple as like, oh, you know, like, I'm scared of this,
or I'm afraid of this, like being anxious is a web of a bunch of different things.
And not to send you guys. Actually, I think I'll get into it. So I'll save it. But another one
here is frustrated, right? And so again, a person might feel frustrated because maybe they felt joy
in an experience and then that joy went away. And now they're going through other experiences
to get that joy, but it's not giving them that same joy or they have a specific desire that they
can't attain it. So or and they can't, and they can't get it. So they experience anger of things
failing, which leads to frustration, right? And so like, this is just a random example of like,
trying to break this down with primary emotions that are easier for us to understand rather than
frustrated. Okay, frustrated is like more complex. We have overwhelmed as well. Again,
people feel overwhelmed because they like to leave fear that they can't handle all of their
demands or responsibilities or they're experiencing anger at, you know, having too much
put on them. And they don't have any control over the situation. So they're overwhelmed, right? So
again, trying to break this down with terms that we understand, I put them in quotations so you guys
can see them, but it's like confident. They feel confident because they likely experience joy from
a past success in similar situations. Or they have a specific evidence or experience that removed
their fear about the outcome. So for example, for just one that hopefully hits home, it's like,
you know, what it like, what is confidence? Like confidence is just like this bundle of all
the stuff. And so a lot of you guys are like, they're staying in your avatar is like, Hey,
if you're a young confident male, and can that work for sure? But it's like, what is confidence?
Confidence is like the definition is not clear, right? And so that's what I'm trying to get to
is like, how do you guys understand this? They're excited, they're stressors motivated, worried,
disappointed, insecure, whatever it is, and there's tons more, there's going to be more
linked for the for you nerds. Okay, the important takeaway here is this, the entire goal of understanding
the motions is so you can truly understand how someone is feeling so you know how to speak to them
in your ad. That's it.
That is a goal.
Like, why are we even spend Spencer
we're trying to make Avatar, we're trying to scale, bro.
I'm trying to double budget, bro.
Why are we talking about this, right?
It's because you guys need to understand
that if you understand how someone feels deep down,
you can speak to them in a way that's like,
this person gets me.
And if we're having them say this person gets me,
we're building relatable avatars.
At the end of the day,
understand that you can use a motion as a way
to create avatars on their own.
Again, we could just have a core avatar.
And like people that are people that feel anxious,
core avatar, we can then create sub avatars underneath them.
We're going to get into that.
But I want you guys to understand again,
this is a core five category,
which means we can create an avatar with just this.
Like our core avatar can just be people who have anxiety, okay?
But again, the real breakthroughs will come
when you use a motion to narrow down your avatar further
based on their existing desire, experience,
behaviors or demographics, okay?
Again, if you want to be more advanced,
you could start with a motion just like anxiety
and narrow down further to really call out
why that person is experiencing that emotion.
That's more advanced and we're going to talk about
based on what stage that you're at at the bottom
after we've been through this training
where you should focus.
But to help you understand how to do that,
let's go ahead and break down some examples here.
So we're getting, we've been through quite a few examples.
So hopefully this is starting to make sense.
The more examples we go through,
hopefully the more it makes sense.
So again, a man wants a six back.
Zire, some men might feel motivated.
That is the emotion, okay?
That they can get a six pack.
That is now a sub avatar, okay?
And if it makes more sense here,
core avatar number one,
because I know I did this above,
a man wants to get a six pack.
So this is a desire based core avatar.
We then have sub avatar number one, okay?
And this is, wants to get a six pack, right?
Some men might feel motivated,
the motion that they can get a six pack, which is the desire.
That is our sub avatar.
Now to keep it simple, I'm going to say once--
and this kind of includes a demographic here.
So I'm sorry if this is confusion, you guys.
I'm going to say once I get a 6-pack,
because women can want to get a 6-pack, too.
But once they get a 6-pack, that is the desire.
And we're going to sub this down by they feel motivated.
Not men.
No demographics here.
This is why I said we're editing this as we go.
Feel motivated to get it.
There's your avatar.
Think about that when you're writing ads.
So I want you guys to also pause for a second.
And think about this sub avatar.
Can you think of writing an ad for this person?
I hope so.
Please, although I say it's just wasted 100 hours of my life
breaking this down.
But think about writing an ad for somebody who
wants to get a 6-pack and feels motivated versus Sarah, who's
44, works a corporate job and is a mom.
Like, what does that do for me?
You know what I'm saying?
I'm trying to sell her a supplement.
What is her having a court?
I mean, maybe that helps, but you get my point.
Whereas, OK, let's not use men.
Other people might feel defeated, OK?
That's another emotion.
And they have to believe that they will never get a 6-pack.
So let's look at sub avatar number two.
Again, we're doing this with a motion.
Okay, wants to get a six pack.
But instead of feeling motivated,
emotion again. Now, do we need that and has the belief? Talk about that later. But there we go.
Once you get a six back, feels defeated. So again, by leveraging the emotion around the desire,
you can create avatars that are more relatable and specific to the desire. Okay.
Now, another one experience example, a woman has a dog that is pulling her. That is the
experience. We're going to go back and use the exact same structure that we've been using or
avatar number one. Okay.
That is the experience we now have a sub avatar number one.
And I know last time we talked about, you know, we kind of switched these.
So we said like, you know, here we did core avatar number two.
If we're if we want to keep things the same and I'm not trying to confuse you guys,
but we could say like someone who feels motivated.
All right, that could just be a core avatar.
Remember, once I get a six back desire based core avatar feels motivated.
A motion based avatar just going after people that feel motivated.
I don't know what what they're motivated about.
I don't know what they're motivated for, but we're going out to people who are motivated.
Okay.
Uh, so and this kind of house with building brand.
This is a big part of why I'm doing this.
Guys is because brand is, you know, building identity.
And so this is actually helping me get a step closer.
If you guys ever wondering, like for those of you that care, um, why do I do this?
Why am I doing this?
Um, it's because, you know, I, I really want to become a better brand builder.
The, the people that I look up to who are doing legit money, um, they know how to build brands.
But for you guys, you don't need to, most of you guys watching this, you don't need
to worry about that, but this is, this actually will help you.
If you understand this, build brands as well.
Um, so again, by leveraging the emotion and I'm going to leave this here, but again,
this, this could be a core avatar.
This could just be an emotion based core avatar.
Okay.
And I'm going to call this a desire based core avatar.
Okay.
You'll see me say that desire based emotion based experience based.
So see me, see that you'll, you'll see me say that.
So I'm bringing it up.
Um, again, I've said a woman, so I'm going to remove the demographic.
I was just kind of like fat fingers, uh, because demographics don't matter here.
Right.
Demographics, what do they do?
They alienate, they, they eliminate people.
We could just say someone has a dog pulling them.
That is an experience.
It doesn't need to be a man or so it doesn't need to be a woman.
It could be a man.
Now obviously the emotions around it will likely again, assume we'll imply a
specific, um, you know, gender.
But at the end of the day, it's like, man, it meant to be emotional too.
All right.
So experience based core avatar.
All right.
And then here for the sake of it, we'll create the sub avatar, which is.
They are as a dog, not a pointer, has a dog that is pulling.
Okay.
And this is the, this is the experience and feels embarrassed, not women.
Again, we're moving the demographics here, okay?
And feels embarrassed.
about the dog point. There we go. And so now, if we want to create another core avatar, number two,
that is, of course, emotion-based. We're going to have feels embarrassed about the dog pointer.
kind of includes an experience here, so this is not actually correct, we're just going to say
feels embarrassed. Again, this is why when I talked about in the beginning, if you guys remember,
if we scroll back up to experiences here, I talked about isolating, and then we did the breathwork
after that, where I mentioned implied, implied, implied. The goal of this is we want to isolate
these core categories, so we have a starting point. As you guys can see, hopefully this is
making sense because it's a good example. If we scroll down here, here I said feels embarrassed
about her dog pulling her. That actually includes an emotion, feels embarrassed about her demographic,
and the dog pulling her. That's an experience. When we're trying to isolate for the sake of the
core avatar, we have has a dog that is pulling, we've isolated it down to just the experience,
so if you have a dog that is pulling, that is an experience-based core avatar that we can target,
it's like the broadest core avatar for your dog's pulling experience. We can make that more specific,
like you can see down here by saying, dog is pulling core avatar, and then sub avatar is someone who
feels embarrassed about it. Then over here, again, core avatar number two is just someone who feels
embarrassed. Don't know what they feel embarrassed about. Don't know why, but they feel embarrassed,
and it sounds kind of funny, and so this is why you guys can see why narrowing it down and using
other categories is like, obviously you're going to do that, but for the sake of the training,
I'm trying to help you guys stick to this process of developing core avatars and then creating sub
avatars underneath that. There we go. Just understand, sub avatars is when there's more than one category,
core avatar is just the category, just one category that you start with. Whereas other women might
feel anxious, so let's go ahead and do sub avatar. I think, hopefully, you guys are starting to get
the point, and that is my goal. If you're not, I'm peppering you with examples right here. Again,
we don't care about women. We want has a dog that is pulling and feels scared or anxious.
Okay. Potentially getting hurt, we're just going to delete that.
because that is not an experience that we care about.
Sorry, I'm trying to get to emotion again.
There we go.
Has a dog that is pulling experience and feels scared or anxious?
Emotion.
And we can say here about the dog pointer.
And now why can we say that here?
Because it's a sub avatar.
Because we already know that they're going through the experience of having a dog point.
right? Remove the demographic? You can see I still do this, right? I'm still adding
demographics because it's built into our fucking DNA. These assholes that
pull this demographics matter, they don't matter. Although this is a demographic around like saying
you have a dog. But anyways, how's the dog that is pulling? Okay, feels scared or anxious about
the dog pulling. We're not saying her, not saying him, we're just saying they feel scared. This is
actually two emotions here. Okay, so they feel scared. And although anxious is kind of like another
motion. This is like two emotions here. But I'm just going to say they feel scared about the dog
pulling. Okay. So by leveraging the emotional piece, you can create avatars that are more
relatable and specific to the experience. Let's get a demographic example here. And I think
we're almost wrapped up. We're almost done with emotions. Then we've got two more categories. So
this is this is a long one here. This one is relatively simple. So I won't, I mean,
I still do a full breakdown. But here we go. But again, imagine someone is 40 years old.
That's a demographic. Okay. So 40 years old, demographic, right? I think we, how did we start
with this? We just did core avatar number one. Okay. So again, we don't want to do this,
but we're going to do it. So core avatar number one, I'm saying we don't want to do this because
demographics suck. But this is a demographic based core avatar. All right. Not a great one,
but we'll do, but we'll do. Some men might feel excited about being 40. Okay. And so
we could have again, as dumb as this sounds, a core avatar here, number two, where he has
feels again, no other context, other than just feels excited. I want to target somebody that
feels excited. I don't know why. I just want to, I just want to target a person who's excited.
Okay. And then we have sub avatar. Number one here, which is men or, well, we didn't even say,
look at this, I screwed up again. So 40 years old. Okay. We're not, we're not saying men.
We're just saying that we have a 40 year old man. Sounds so dumb. 40 year old man.
Not man. Sorry. A 40-year-old that is excited.
So we got demographic.
And we've got a motion.
There we go.
This is this is literally an avatar.
If you're 40 and excited, I've got you, right?
Actually, I do well because I don't know.
I mean, I don't know if people are excited at 40, right?
And again, just so you guys can understand, you know, if we wanted to layer in
the demographic of a man, it would be like 40 year old demographic.
Male demographic.
That feels excited.
This would be just a sub avatar with more categories.
So it's more specific, right?
Cause there's multiple demographics, right?
But literally, as you could see, just breaking it down, very simple.
40 year old that feels excited.
It still makes sense, right?
It's a demographic and emotion.
Sub avatar number two is a 40 year old demographic that feels extreme
anxiety about being 40.
And again, we can add the additional context here because it's a sub avatar.
Up here in this core avatar for emotion based core avatars.
As soon as we add additional context, it obviously becomes more of a sub avatar.
But again, like the reason why I'm having you guys be rigid with this and like
strict with like, Hey, isolate the core avatar is because I want you guys to get
in this, I want it to make sense for when you do it with desires and when you do it
with, um, you know, experiences and emotions and behaviors, because when we do
that, then what that allows us to do is like get more specific with the other
categories after.
Let's do an emotion example.
Again, especially above not all emotions need to be tired, uh, tied to experiences,
desires, demographics, you are also able to create avatars just using emotions
by grouping people based on how they feel in general.
However, because most emotions are very broad and non specific, specific.
They are more most powerful when combining with again, all the other categories.
This is what makes people feel like you are reading their mind.
So again, the person feels tired emotion, baby wakes up at 5 a.m.
of morning light in the nursery or because of morning light in the nursery,
that's the experience and they want their whole family to have a better sleep.
Wow, we've brought in desires here.
Okay.
And so now what we can do is as you'd see here, we started with an emotion that
the person feels, which in the beginning can create a lot of relatability.
But as a result of adding in the experience and adding the desire, it allows
us to hone in on, uh, you know, a better or a more effective or what should be.
What should be a more effective avatar in pop quiz?
What is and let's just say sub avatar, so you guys aren't confused.
What is a more effective sub avatar?
If you said an avatar that makes you money, you got it right.
So again, core avatar here.
Uh, someone who feels tired, that is the emotion based avatar.
I mean, we've already, we've already kind of done this here guys.
So, um, I just want to show you and show you how this works.
I would not recommend emotion based avatars by the way.
Just because like they're more complex, as you see, they're kind of awkward.
So desire based ones are better.
So if I was going to actually tell what the majority of you should do is start
with the desire.
So core avatar here is a desire based core avatar.
And again, we're kind of getting, we're, we're implying demographics.
So desires, they want their whole family to sleep better.
Yes, this does include a demographic.
So someone who has a family, obviously, um, but when you're looking at surface
level desires, a lot of times they will include demographics.
And I'm fine with that because the thing is, is I want you more thinking
about what people want, what people need rather than like the demographic
specifically, and a lot of you guys are just going to naturally
sell the demographics.
But as long as you're not saying people have a family of three, then you're good.
Okay.
Uh, and then again, the sub avatar here, which is speed, we're just going to
create one here that uses, uh, desires, experiences and emotion.
So they want their whole family to, uh, to have better sleep.
Uh, and the experiences, uh, but their baby wakes up at five AM.
Because of morning light and that is the, uh, experience.
And now the parent feels tired.
That is the emotion.
Okay.
So just to call this out.
Okay.
And again, I'm using the parent demographic because I'm saying, you know,
whole family, which is obviously assuming a demographic, the way
it wakes up because of morning light, that is the experience.
Yeah.
So there you go.
So that is a, like a pretty solid sub avatar.
Okay.
Whole family wants to get better sleep, baby wakes up at five AM.
Now they're tired, right?
Now obviously most people are going to feel tired, but there might be other
emotions here as well.
So that's why we, you guys can go into those secondary motions.
You can go into those primary emotions and, uh, you know, better
understand how they feel about the experience and about the desire.
Um, as well, okay.
How to check if it's an emotion, very simple.
Does this describe how a person feels about or in response to something?
Meaning again, if someone says, I feel this, or if something happens,
or like, as a result, you know, they don't say as a result of that.
But as a result of that, they feel something that is, that is an emotion.
Okay.
You can usually use the I feel test.
It's pretty simple.
But from there, if it is not one of the primary six emotions, ask why
and what to really figure out what they are feeling.
Right.
So I feel motivated, that's a secondary emotion, right?
It's not again, as you guys can remember, these will stick joy, sadness, fear,
disgust, anger, surprise, those are the six core emotions.
They didn't say that, you know, they feel sad.
They said, I feel motivated.
So what you want to do is when you see this is ask, why is this person
motivated and what specifically is making them motivated?
And as a result of that, you're likely going to uncover experiences
and desires and all this kind of stuff, right?
Someone might feel motivated because they have the desire of becoming a millionaire
and they recently just found a winning ad.
And so now they're even more motivated.
All right.
So when you ask why and what obviously you can get down to how they feel about
that, right?
So it's just going to help you understand them better.
Same thing with that man, just why is the person anxious?
What specifically is making them anxious?
Just trying to go deeper so you can better understand them.
And again, you can create more relatability.
Okay.
Time for another water break, almost through, we're going to go into category
number four, which is behaviors and habits, which I absolutely love.
So I'm pumped for us to go through this next.
All right, category four, behaviors and habits, we are on the home stretch, behaviors or regular
action patterns that people develop as responses to their experience, emotions, desires, or demographics.
In simple terms, behaviors are how people act. They are the things that we do and oftentimes
are predictable. My behavior is to work a lot. You can assume probably with 90% accuracy,
it's like, what's Spence doing right now? Probably working, but behaviors are often very specific
solutions to problems from experiences. A lot of experiences happen, so you try to X and Y
happen or just something occurred to you. Now, as a result, you do Z instead or you do something
as instead. That's how behaviors can develop from experiences. They can also arise as a result
of desires. When someone says, I want X thing, they will likely change their behavior if they
actually want to try to get that thing. Again, they will say, well, now I do Z to try to get
whatever it is, to try to get X. Just clarify. They can also come from emotions. I feel anxious
around other people. Behavior is now I never go to social events. They can even come from
demographics. I'm a 45-year-old male. My behavior now is I take testosterone supplements. That's
what I do. The best part about behaviors is that they review how someone approaches life,
makes decisions, and handles situations. That's very powerful for you guys to understand.
A lot of the times are very core to our beliefs, which I'm going to talk about
very soon. I promise we're almost there. We do these behaviors again and again,
as a result of the stuff that we've been through and the stuff that we feel and who we are and what
we want. Also, those experiences are our demographic kind of emotions. What make behaviors so powerful,
if you ask me, is they are core to our self-identity, which basically means a lot of the time they tie
to our ego. We act specific ways because we have this vision of ourselves. A person's sense of
self-esteem or self-importance, or like status a lot of times, is what ego is all about. That's
a whole other topic. We're not going to get into that, but just know, for the majority of people,
they can often do things out of spite just for the sake of their ego or because they identify as
that kind of a person that does X, Y thing or does X thing or does Y thing. When you create ads that
target an avatar is ego and I'm using this Lucy, you're targeting their ego, a lot of times you're
targeting their behavior, so what they do, that makes them who they are. I was good to finish my
point here. That is where you can create a sense of buying that is much, much stronger. What I'm
trying to say here is that I'll read the sentence properly. When you create ads that target an
avatar's ego, aka the behaviors that make them who they are, it's actually more powerful when I
read it that way. Again, I'll read it one more time. When you create ads that target an avatar's
ego, also known as the behaviors that make them who they are, that is where you can create a
sense of buying that is much, much stronger because they're buying but with ego. Most people
logically do not need a fucking Ferrari. Some people like the craft. They see it as art
but most people nowadays, they buy a Ferrari because of ego. Again, they want people to be like,
oh, I'm the type of person that buys Ferraris. That's my behavior. That's what I do. That's how I
act. That shows that obviously status and that they have money. For a lot of people, they don't
even have money and they still buy Ferraris. The point is when you can tap in to someone's
you don't challenge them but it's like when you get someone to buy because that's what their ego
wants or their ego says they have to buy it. That is very powerful. Ego is a very
hard thing to conquer, okay?
Some people have really big egos, some don't.
I do a lot of stuff, a lot of times based on ego,
and a lot of people do that as well, right?
Why do people post all their fucking screenshots
and shit like that, because it's like,
they want people to think they're cool.
Maybe, I don't know what it is.
But at the end of the day, we're getting off topic.
The point is, is that the buy-in when people buy
with their ego is so strong, because they do it
for a reason that's bigger than what you think, okay?
Another thing that makes behavior-based targeting
for avatars so strong, is the fact that if you understand
someone's behavior, a lot of the time,
you can also predict their future behaviors,
or predict their other behaviors, right?
So if I know someone has to be able to like,
they buy luxury cars, I might be able to predict
that they're probably also buying luxury watches.
And they probably also like, have a really expensive house,
because like, that's their behavior, right?
And so in your ads, you can almost read someone's mind
or like, know somebody to a tee,
because not only are you able to,
if you understand one of their behaviors,
you might be able to understand a lot of their other behaviors,
depending on the behavior.
But on top of that, you can also like,
tell them the future and like, future pace,
where it's like, you create an ad,
where all of a sudden it's like,
you're doing a lot of research,
trying to figure out what skin care is for you.
And let's, and then you're gonna try the skin care
and it's still not gonna work.
And then after that, you're gonna, you know,
ask your friends what skin care they're using.
And then you're gonna try theirs,
and that's gonna break you out.
So it's like, you're able to almost like,
predict the future when you know someone's behavior.
And that's like, what a lot of times
when you really understand someone,
you like almost know what they're gonna do,
because you understand their behavior,
you understand how they act, okay?
And so if you can understand your avatar's behavior,
you're gonna be able to relate to them pretty, pretty well, okay?
And so all in all, just understand,
as I showed, or kind of talked out in that example,
behaviors are incredibly powerful for avatar building,
because they directly call it the actions that we take,
the things we do and who we are, right?
And so behaviors allow us to show another level
of understanding for our avatars
that most people never tap into.
They might accidentally, but they're not conscious of it.
And I want you guys to understand this as well,
because I know we're like almost two hours
and this is the longest module I've ever made in my life.
And there's still so much more to do,
but not in this, but outside of this.
But the point is it's like,
just being conscious of this,
and like knowing that behaviors are a thing
puts you probably 95% ahead of like everybody.
(laughing)
What was that?
That's like the anchorman saying,
50% of the time it works 100% of the time.
That puts you ahead of 95% of people
is what I was trying to say.
So you have to understand that by you understanding this
is in itself sick, okay, I'm pumped for you.
But for then from there,
be able to use that in your marketing to call out people
is like another level, okay?
So again, examples of some behaviors,
some of them I just mentioned,
but research is everything before buying
only shops during sales,
awful weeds, crowded gyms, checks email, constantly, right?
These are behaviors.
These are things that people do, okay?
It's how they act.
Now, to help you understand how experiences, emotions,
desires, demographics, create behaviors
that we can use to narrow down and develop killer avatars,
let's go through some examples.
Big example guy, okay?
A woman is postpartum, right?
AKA just had a baby.
That was an experience that again, unassumed demographic.
It's an experience and a demographic, okay?
The woman now has the desire
to lose their postpartum way, okay?
That is the desire and as a result of the experience
and the desire that exists,
this person may develop the behavior of scrolling Instagram
for mom body transformations, okay?
Or they may develop the behavior
of doing quick 15 to 20 minute home workouts, okay?
These are behaviors guys and in this instance, by the way,
I'm not, I'm not creating an avatar.
I'm just helping you guys see how you can use experiences
and demographics and desires to kind of see people's
behavior.
You can also find behavior through research as well,
which is even better, but you can probably just like,
again, imply what their behavior might be.
And you could target, instead of saying,
are you someone who just had a baby
that now wants to lose your postpartum way,
you could say, are you scrolling on Instagram
for looking at mom body transformations?
Or are you stopping on every single mom body transformation
that you see, right?
Think about that.
They're like, what the fuck?
That is calling out how they act.
That's so like, you have to know the person
to be able to say that guys.
Like I cannot stress enough.
Like, that's why I said behaviors are sick.
Like behaviors are what I'm most excited about.
'Cause I've kind of known all these other things,
but I've never truly understood behaviors.
But like, behaviors are dope.
Like they're super sick, okay?
So example 1.5 of behavior is again,
here's the cool part, nerdy part.
The postpartum experience may not be the only way
that someone develops behavior
of doing quick 15 to 20 minute home workouts.
Okay, so again, if we're trying to come back to
core five categories mean that we can use this
as a core avatar, right?
So behavior can be a core avatar.
So core avatar does quick 15 to 20 minute home workouts.
Core avatar.
We can then create sub avatars all around that, okay?
But my point is, is like that behavior
could have been developed from other experiences
or desires as well.
Someone may have tried going to the gym during the day,
but kept having to leave early to pick up their kids.
That's an experience, okay?
That's an experience that someone went through.
Again, implied demographics, but it's like,
they tried going to the gym,
but kept having to leave early, okay, experience, okay?
Or for example, they want to be known
as the person who's in shape.
That's a desire, right?
Now as a result of that experience and this desire,
they might develop the same behavior
of doing quick 15 to 20 minute home workouts.
This person had a baby,
and then this person, you know,
just has to leave early to pick up her kids,
yet they still have the same behavior.
That's what is so cool about when you like,
start with the core avatar as a behavior.
Again, although I don't recommend it,
I recommend starting with desire first for like 75% of your,
90% of you, but when you start with behavior,
you can go a bunch of different angles as well, okay?
And so even though the experiences and desires
are slightly different, people can develop the same behavior.
And this was just like an example that I give.
There could be a guy that also does this,
like maybe a guy, listen to a Joe Rogan podcast experience,
and you know, maybe they learn some new information,
but again, they still have this desire
that they want to be in shape,
but they learn the new information that like,
you could just do 15 to 20 minute workouts at home
and like, you can still get jacked.
And so that's what he does now.
You know what I'm saying?
That's his behavior.
And if you understand how they got that behavior,
you can like really breathe their mind,
but hopefully that makes sense, okay?
So this information is gold
because you can go broader on the avatar scale
by simply targeting the behavior itself,
or you can actually drill down on the behavior
or into the behavior with the other four categories
to create an intense amount of reliability
with sub-avatars, okay?
And again, a lot of times I'll say like avatars
and sub-avatars are the same.
And then just kind of make sure I'm clear
on what core avatars are, but digressing here.
For the sake of getting you thinking about behaviors
and how much more powerful they are for avatar creation,
let's dig into examples and some marketing examples
of like how to write ads with this, okay?
Because like right now, we've been through
about two hours of training and we're like,
maybe you've seen how we can do this for ad?
I think I stopped about halfway through to be like,
can you see how you can write a ad for this?
But I don't know if you guys actually got it.
So we're gonna actually show you how to like write ads
for this stuff, right?
And some of it's like meh, but you can use claw
and all that kind of stuff we're gonna talk about later
about how to write better ads.
But experiences that led to behaviors.
So experience, kid throws temper tantrums
in public places.
Behavior is now this parent always brings stacks
and entertainment when going out with kids, okay?
And so in this instance, again, the experience was
this person's kids were throwing temper tantrums
in public or tantrums in public, okay?
That was the experience.
And this likely created emotional response
that they were embarrassed, not like again,
that's an implied emotional response
that they were probably embarrassed,
like it's kind of embarrassing, right?
At least general public would assume that's embarrassing.
So as a result, they change what they do
by bringing snacks and entertainment
when they go to public places.
That is the behavior.
That's what they do now, right?
That is how they're acting, okay?
And again, that behavior developed as a result
of the experience in the emotion that they felt.
Just so for those unions that are like trying to go deeper.
So let's not get a marketing example, okay?
To show you examples of how this can apply to your ad specifically,
let's mock up some headlines about how we might target this customer.
So do your kids throw temper tantrums in public?
That's an experience based only headline, right?
We could say, if you never leave the house without snacks for your kids,
then the behavior based marketing, right?
As you can see, we can target two core avatars individually.
Or again, we can combine them to create a deeper sub avatar, right?
So we could also, I didn't write it here, but in the other example,
some below that I did, right?
We could write a headline that says, like, if your kids are throwing temper
tantrums in public experience and you're, and now you never leave the house
without snacks for them.
But let's say, for example, that maybe leaves the problem that like their
kids are getting like overweight.
Crazy example, that is very relatable.
Like that might be extremely relatable.
You can say there's a better way.
It's like, and so now instead of just saying like something, you know, super
short and quick, like overweight, there's a better way.
It's like, now we're going a little bit deeper here, okay?
Experience had an anxiety attack at a crowded gym.
Kind of includes some emotion here, but like that is an experience.
So again, implied emotion, obviously they had an anxiety attack.
So they were at a crowded gym is more or less the experience here for
trying to like really isolate it.
So at a crowded gym and then the emotion, usually again,
behaviors result as a result of experience and emotion.
So like the emotion here was like had an anxiety attack.
Or just like has anxiety or we could say has social anxiety.
Okay.
And now their behaviors, they only work out at home.
Okay.
So they were at, they had this experience where like they were at a
crowded gym, okay?
And like they, they have social anxiety.
That was the emotion that they felt at the crowded gym.
And so now they, you know, they only work out at home.
That's their behavior.
Okay.
Again, um, experience.
This was kind of like muddied, but hopefully this makes sense.
I'm just going to delete this for the sake of it because I have more
examples down below, but like this is an example of, again, I'm trying to
break it down to keep it very, very simple.
I was starting to combine these things.
And again, naturally you guys will combine them, but I think it is,
there's still benefit in specifically breaking them individually so you can
actually understand each and every single thing.
Uh, behavior, again, these are all experience experience.
Okay.
You guys can read those desires that led to behavior.
So again, desire wants to lose 20 pounds by summer.
Okay.
Behavior meal, perhaps every Sunday for the week.
That's what they do, right?
Their behavior, because they want to lose 20 pounds is they, they meal
prep every Sunday.
Okay.
So again, the person has the desire of losing weight, desire, likely
health or status.
Okay.
Core desire is likely health or status.
Um, but again, desires they want to lose weight.
Um, and as a result, develop the behavior of meal prepping every Sunday.
That is a behavior.
So now just for extra contents here, it's important to note that this
person likely had an experience that has led to the desire.
Okay.
So like maybe they saw a jack guy on Instagram, got made fun of for being
pudgy as a kid.
Um, right.
Or the desire kind of came from emotions.
They feel disgusted with how they look in the mirror.
You know, they don't feel confident in themselves.
So I want you guys to also, again, whenever you see these desires, you
know, try to think about like what experience may be created that desire.
Because again, if you understand things at a deeper level, you are able
to make more relatable avatars.
Okay.
So hopefully this makes sense, but, uh, marketing example here.
Okay.
So we've got the desire and we've got the behavior.
So again, to show you some examples, you know, do you want to lose 20 pounds
by summer?
That's the desire base kind of like headline that we could come up with, right?
Here's a behavior base, right?
If you still meal prep every Sunday.
There's a better way, right?
And now we say like usually a lot of times with behaviors,
I'm gonna work on like headline strategies for you guys
of like better ways to write, you know,
if you spot a behavior, right?
You could also say like,
if you're the type of person that meal preps every Sunday,
like this is for you or like,
are you seriously still meal prepping every Sunday?
You know, like stuff like that,
you can think a little bit more strategically
in my brain's obviously a little bit melted
after yapping for two hours straight,
but we're still going strong.
Again, we can also combine those two avatars
or those two core avatars to create a sub avatar.
So for example, sub avatar headline for this person
would be again, they want to lose 20 pounds
and they, and as a result are, you know,
their behavior is their meal prepping every Sunday.
So here we say, if you're trying to lose 20 pounds
in time for summer and you're still only meal prepping
every Sunday and you think meal prepping,
we could say that, and you think meal prepping
every Sunday will actually work.
I'm sorry for the awkward sounds, but you could also,
but I was, because I was thinking about it as like,
we can introduce a bit of a problem there as well.
And it's like, and meal prep is not working, right?
But again, that would include an experience, right?
So desire wants to lose 20 pounds by summer experience, right?
Has seen, again, it could be indirect.
I don't want to lose you here,
but we could have an indirect experience
of like seeing other people get jacked by meal prepping
or even heard other people get jacked by meal prepping, right?
Now, as a result, their behavior is meal prepping, but because they think that meal prepping is
supposed to help them get there, we could use that if we want to include an experience,
but again, I'm going to keep it simple. But again, if you're trying to lose 20 pounds of time for
summer and your meal prep and your Sunday meal prep isn't getting you there fast enough,
another thing we could tap into speed, right, then you need to blah, blah, blah, blah, okay?
More desires, more desires, okay? Again, you can see this here. And now this is actually
a fashion one, I think. Yeah, so desire, wants to, wants to appear successful and put together
behavior only buys name brand items. I'm sure a lot of my fashion guys are, and you're like,
well, I'm towards don't work. Yeah, they do, bro. So again, this first says is I have wanting to
appear successful and put together, okay? And as a result, his behavior is now only buying name
brand items, right? You could use that behavior to help people buy from your fashion brand, right?
It's like POV, you only buy name brands until you found this company, right? Like that can be an ad
where it's like you're tapping in to someone's desire who wants to appear successful. And that's
their behavior is like the only buy name brands. And you can leverage that to sell your shit, okay?
Lots of examples, examples are supposed to hit home for you guys. Emotion based, let's do one of
these. So feels insecure about their skin behavior, constantly orders new skincare products in the
series, okay? So marketing example, if your skin makes you feel insecure, emotion based, very broad,
okay? Let's go, let's look at the behavior. If you constantly order skincare products,
behavior base more specific, again, we can combine those two avatars and we could write a headline
that says like, if you're constantly ordering new skincare products, because you feel insecure,
right? Dot, dot, dot, dot, and I would just say feel insecure. There you go, right? And so at the
end of the day, I want you guys to understand again, this means important. Skin care specifically
is like a very like competitive market sophisticated market. There's God knows how many skincare brands,
but when markets get more sophisticated, like skincare, a lot of these types of avatars are
already being targeted due to how sophisticated the market is, right? Like, so if you're in skincare,
you probably read this, we're like, yeah, I've tried both those headlines, I suck, right? Or if
you're in fashion, like, maybe you didn't think of this because again, the instant connections
that happen, like the obvious connections, I'm using very obvious examples here. Some of them are
more specific, but you know, this behavior of someone who costs you orders new skincare products
and serums, it's like, that's a very common behavior. So again, the more common and the more broad the
avatar, the better everything else to be. But again, so what I'm talking about here is like a lot of
these avatars are already being targeted due to how sophisticated the market is. So a lot of the
time, you have to go deeper and apply more of the core five categories instead of just one or two,
to be able to actually relate with someone who is in these sophisticated markets, okay? Here's
another one. Here's one that I actually love and I'm going to talk about it, okay? So emotion
feels happy when people notice her behavior constantly by statement pieces, okay? So not everything has
to be negative, all right? But again, this person feels happy, feels joy when people notice her,
you know, that's her emotion and a bit of an experience, right, and a demo. So a girl,
demographic, being noticed experience, right? Emotion feels happy about that. So breaking those down
again, I've grouped it together, but hopefully you guys, your brain starts to break it down,
feels happy, boom, emotion. When people notice her, so being noticed is the experience. Her is the
demographic, the behavior. What does she do now as a result of that? She constantly buys statement
pieces, okay? There we go, right? Using behavior, right? Rather than creating ads that are kind of
cringy where it's like want to be noticed, it's like, maybe not really. But it's like,
are you always buying statement pieces? It's like, here's your next one, right? You're going to
behavior. So hopefully now, with examples above, you can see how behaviors not only develop as a
result of the other four categories, but also how they can be used to hone in on your avatar. And
Come back, be a core avatar for you
that you can create sub avatars underneath, okay?
Again, to finish my sentence here,
but how they can be used to hone in on your avatar
and what they actually do.
So how to check if it is a behavior or a habit,
and guys, we're at the finish line here.
Does this describe what the person does?
Very simple.
Note, it does not have to be a physical action.
It can also be mental.
I had a part of this in the training,
but I didn't want to confuse you guys.
But for example, if someone is constantly
overthinking things, it's a behavior, okay?
Luckily, some emotion implied in there,
but again, from there, at the end of the day,
if you want to gauge the strength of the behavior,
ask yourself how often do they do it?
If you know how often someone does something,
the more strong the behavior is
and the more aligned it is with their identity, okay?
So I don't know what just happened there,
but I think I accidentally tapped something
that don't worry about it, guys,
but the more one does the behavior, the stronger it is, okay?
So meaning the more relatable it will be, okay?
Like I am someone who like constantly,
like again, I constantly work, I work a lot, right?
Like I sound like I work every now and then,
or I'll give you a better example.
I always use golf as examples.
Like I love watching golf, right?
I watch golf quite, actually not a lot,
but it's like, I watch a decent amount.
Like I watch a lot of the events.
And so my point is with this is like,
because that is a behavior of mine of like,
I watch golf, right, consistently.
I didn't watch golf one time,
or like I didn't see a golf or I didn't go to a golf,
that would be like an experience,
but like I watch, I'm someone who watches golf,
that's a behavior, it's a habit of mine.
The more that I watch golf,
the more that it resonates with me, right?
Or if my behavior is I go out and golf on weekends,
then when I get golf names, right?
Like the more I go with golf,
the more I experience it, okay?
The more that that becomes part of what I do.
And so if I've only been golfing once,
and again, going back to like,
why do we build avatars against the build relatability,
if I've been golfing one time by myself,
and I did that behavior, whatever,
and I see a real that's like, you know,
when you're with your buddies and your golfing
and this thing happens, I get them all the time.
But my point is, is like,
if I've only done that behavior once,
or like I haven't done it a lot,
probably not that relatable,
but if I'm golfing every single day,
it's gonna be pretty relatable.
You know what I mean?
So at the end of the day,
I want you guys to understand that
the more someone does a behavior,
at the end of the day,
most people do behaviors more than once, right?
Otherwise it's just gonna be an experience.
So again, if this describes what someone is doing,
or what someone does,
like it's part of what they do, it's a behavior.
And the more that they do that behavior,
the more relatable it will be, okay?
You could take one more vinyl sip of water,
and we are going to wrap this puppy up.
Category number five, demographics.
Demographics are relatively static,
factual characteristics that define who someone is,
and these are things that don't change frequently,
or at all, okay?
Last, but not least,
it's actually, actually I'm gonna change this.
Last, but in fact least. (laughs)
We finally make it everybody's usual favorites
for avatars, demographics.
Ooh, unlike the other four categories,
demographics are very straightforward.
So there's not a lot of training here guys, okay?
So again, right to finish line.
As you likely have noticed above,
based on desires, experience, emotions,
and behaviors, I'm gonna keep saying this,
they're like ingrained in your brain.
A lot of times, demographics are assumed,
Slash implied. Okay, not always but a lot of times they are. Okay, so meaning if someone went
through the experience of giving birth, at least for now, only women could do that. I don't know
the way the world's going, who knows, in 2036 or 2035 might be a different story. But for now,
it's just women. So therefore, that experience narrows down through demographics as well. Okay,
but with that said, like other core categories, demographics can effectively narrow down your
avatars and build more relatability. Especially, here's where I love demographics as much as I'm
shitting on them. I actually love demographics if your product specifically works better for
that demographic. Meaning, I'll give you an example. Big example guy. We worked with a brand who
sold skincare or who sells that sells skincare seals. That sells skincare for African American
women specifically. Okay, I'm just going to remove that. So it's on one line here.
Due to though, or due to these women having melanin rich skin, okay, they have more specific needs.
And our clients products, an old client, cater to that. And guys, you have to understand like,
when we're in this client, I had absolutely no idea. Any of this was happening. Okay,
as a like, if I knew this, what if I knew this when I was working with a brand, it would be
90 day difference. But 90 day difference. Well, the point is, is therefore, we were effectively
able to narrow down avatars and be more successful with just demographics. Now, we just because your
product works better for a demographic doesn't mean you just stop at demographics. You will likely
have this like overarching core avatar like, again, for example, you know, if you sell.
Oh, God, I don't know if I want to get into body parts. We can do this. If you sell bras,
right? I mean, again, listen, man, or listen day, it's 2025. I don't judge. I don't care what
you do or what makes you happy. My point is, is like, if you sell bras, you likely sell the women.
Okay. And so you're likely just going to have like an overarching core avatar of women,
right? Unless you come up with a different product, but some products get or two more specific
demographics. Okay. Therefore, we were effectively, you know, able to narrow down avatars and be
successful with demographics when we were, you know, just targeting, again, more melanin rich,
you know, women specifically. So it was actually two demographics. It was again, African American
women that that were women, right? There you go. You can also see this with brands such as
Norse organics, running ads that like call out mums of 15 year olds as an effective strategy,
but you have to understand it. Again, Norse organics, if we go back up here, you guys remember,
my rule of thumb. Okay. The more broad your avatar is, the better your product offer
brand and marketing skills that have to be. Okay. So you look at Norse organics and you see
that they're running up here. Sorry. Mums of 15 year olds, that's their call out. Okay.
How does that work for them? Well, one, they have a sensational product that is like a new
mechanism. And honestly, when I look at it, it's like, I haven't really seen a lot of skincare
products that look like theirs. Okay. Better product. Next one, their offer, their offer is
absolutely insane. I've done breakdowns of it on my YouTube video. I've done them and evolve.
The end of the day, their offer is crazy. Two for two. They also are a massive brand.
Three for three on top of that. And this usually when you have a great product, a great brand and
great offers, you usually have a good team. Their marketing skill set is also extremely good.
And so when they're creating ads, that's a mums of 15 year olds, aka teenagers,
that's going to be pretty effective for them because they have everything else covered.
And that is an example of a bigger brand going after broader avatars to try to scale. Okay.
That said, for most of you guys, you're not Norse organics. Okay. So demographics should not be
your main differentiator. And this is what I love so much about, like, why I do these trainings,
the way that I do is because you shouldn't copy a lot of the times what someone does
where they're at right now. You can definitely take inspiration. And some of it does still apply,
right? Like billionaire example, and I think I've said this before, but it's like, if a billionaire
works really hard, well, you should, yeah, like that applies to everybody, like work hard.
Although some billionaires don't really, you know, I mean, they work hard. But billionaires also fly
private. That doesn't mean that you should fly private. Okay. I want you to fly private at some
point, but that hopefully that makes sense. Okay. And so my point is, is like, you copy Norse
organics might not make the most amount of sense. But if you can understand why they're doing what
they're doing and why it's working, because I've given you that information now, right? Then you're
like, ah, I get it. Okay. Well, now Spencer told me I should probably go more specific because I
don't have a better product. I don't have a great offer. I don't have a big brand. And my
market skillset is kind of mid. So I should probably the dispenser and go more specific. Okay. So
it's kind of like do what they did when they were at your size versus like, you know, to get to
where they are versus what they're doing today. Okay. And so otherwise, demographics at the
end of the day. So so where are we here? That's a demographic should not be your main differentiator.
We got that on top of that demographics drive, as I mentioned already, nowhere near as much
purchase motivation as the other four categories. So use these just if you want to get more specific.
But again, I'm just, I'm like, I'm not the biggest fan of it because it does, it still isolates
people when a lot of the times you guys don't need to isolate people, like going back to the Susan
example, Susan who works in corporate, she doesn't need to be 44. Right? Like really,
the only time age matters is kind of like in buckets. And a lot of times the avatar prompt does
give you that. But even then, it's like, it's some of the desires are still relatable. Like
someone who's 40 in corporate,
probably has the desire to like get a better income,
whatever it may be, right?
And John, who's 24, who just started,
probably also has the same desire.
So like, why niche him down?
You know what I mean?
So anyway, demographics a lot of time are not even needed.
This is a big thing.
Demographics a lot of time are not needed
in your avatar building process.
You will have implied demographics
when you come up with experiences and desires
and behaviors, emotions not really.
you don't really even need to worry about demographics. Okay? And again, as it says,
it's crazy. I know, but this is the biggest mistake that I see so many people do is they
isolate buyers just based on demographics when it just doesn't matter. Okay. A 22 year old goal,
a girl, a 20 year old girl and a 54 year old man could have the same desire. They want to find a
romantic partner. They might be going through a similar experience, not being able to find the
right person. They might feel similar emotion. They have fear that they're not able to find the
right person. And they may even have the same behavior using online dating sites. Yet as soon as you
add a demographic that cuts people out. Now, again, because this is so broad, you can see where
demographics can come in and make it more specific. Again, for a desire this big experiences and motions
and behaviors that are this common. So as much as we talk about up here, the more broad your
avatar is like the more common your avatar is same kind of thing, everything else has to be better.
So if you're just like, I'm going after people who want to make money and are on online business
and are like getting started online, that's their behavior or whatever it is. They're trying
online businesses, their behavior, and their emotion is they're motivated. It's like, well,
dude, you and like fucking everybody's selling info. You know what I'm saying? It's like,
it's very broad. People are going specific, but like those are like the experiences and
and easy behaviors to spot. So sometimes demographics can be helpful in this. And so
you may have seen apps like this. And this is a crazy example. I have an e-com example as well
to follow, but I like this because it's fun. There's literally a website called like farmers only.
It's crazy, but it's real. Some of you guys maybe heard of this, but like there's literally
dating sites for farmers only. And the reason why they do that is because again, it builds
relatability. Okay. And here's proof according to Google. So these are again, just going after
demographics of people who are farmers, right, that want to find love. And so they did 10 million
dollars as a company. I think that was like their highest revenue year, whatever it was. I don't
know if that's all time, but the point is, is like, it works. Okay. But a better example of this
is, you know, in e-com is hollow sucks. I think it's hollow or hollow. I don't know what it is.
I think it's hollow. They do over 100k per day. And Zach Stock, who's your founder on Twitter,
for watching this, going follow me as a great dude. I tried to hit him up to
talk to him, but his time is very valuable. At the end of the day, he actually was open
to me peppering him with questions and shit, but I didn't want to waste his time. So end of the day,
reminder for you to respect people's time. But his main avatar is actually based on a specific
employment demographic, which is construction workers. He built a huge brand selling socks,
right? Two construction workers. But guess what? A lot of you guys don't know this.
If we go back to this, his product has a new mechanism. Okay. He also runs insane offers.
He's starting to build more of a brand, but more importantly, the guy runs a fucking eight-figure
agency. So his skill set is legit, right? And so he's able to go after something more broad.
And so this is my reminder to you guys that like, demographics can work, but they're a little bit
harder to get working less. Everything else is good because construction workers, again,
is super broad, right? But again, he still goes deep to understand their desires, their experiences,
their emotions and their behaviors, right? To be able to target them effectively. I actually have
this in the Canva. I think it's the winning ads document here, which is something that, you know,
we're going to be able to pull up an example here of statics, where it says 14 hours, no swelling,
right? 14 hours, no swelling. So,
That's kind of like, it's not really going after construction workers, specifically, but he knows, and I don't actually, I've never asked him about this, maybe he didn't think about it, but piecing it together, it's like, well, construction workers, a lot of times like work long days, right, and their feet might swell, just workers in general, people that are working on their feet, which is probably a broader avatar that he's gone to now, again, because as he's gotten bigger, he's had a broader avatar, we're going to talk about that.
However, again, like, this is just to give you examples of like, how these demographics can actually be used and like, how you can actually scale with demographics, okay, they're not completely irrelevant, that's why they're here, they're still a core four category, but again, you could have construction workers as your core avatar, and you could build sub avatars around that, people whose legs swell up, okay, from their socks, or maybe they don't know, people who work 14 plus hour days, right, that's their behavior.
And their legs swell, it's like one of the prompts, right, that's the experience, as a result of doing that, you know, their legs swell, okay, and they feel shitty about that, it feels painful, right, and so here we go, introducing Hall's Hawks.
Here's a list of all the demographics that you can tap into, gender, birthday, race, age, location, language, religion, marital status, education, employment, income, disabilities, health, weight, health conditions, height and weight.
All in all, just remember, demographics should rarely ever be your starting point for avatars, as there are much stronger categories, again, I mean, I would say if you're gonna pick one, like maybe employment is good, education, meh, but just remember, the broader your avatar, the better everything else has to be, so that said, again, a lot of the times, you know, demographics can be used to provide an extra bit of relatability, and most of the times, based off of desires, they're gonna be assumed, but I just want you guys
to understand that that is where I stand with demographics, and at the end of the day, if it's because, if it's one, if it's in one of these categories, it's probably a demographic, okay, and the final thing here, and I promise we're almost done, it's what about beliefs, right, what, where do beliefs come in, and we're gonna get to beliefs, actually, because we haven't written them off, but I just want you guys to know at one time, we did have beliefs in this document, I think we're our sixth category, but, you know, I realize beliefs and values are actually not relevant for this, and the reason why is like, after really going
deeper into this and this probably took me about like four hours of just like figuring this out of
whether or not I want to add this as a category. But I realized they were not needed as a core
avatar building block. Okay, beliefs are often just experience emotions and behaviors tied together.
Okay, and so if we can again, with a core avatar, identify, let's say we have a desire, right,
what they want. And because of certain experiences and emotions and behaviors,
it's going to tell us what their beliefs are. And so that's the point. Okay, so people who
believe they can't lose weight is essentially just people who have tried maybe tried multiple
diets and gained the weight back, right? So the reason why beliefs is not a core category,
I would say, is because like, I want you to understand what created the beliefs,
because beliefs don't just exist, beliefs develop. Okay, we develop these beliefs based off of
again, experience emotions and behaviors and desires and all that kind of stuff. Okay, so tried
multiple diets and gained the weight back. Their emotion was like, they feel hopeless about losing
weight now because this didn't work, right? And their behavior is now they just avoid starting new
diets because, you know, they expect to fail. And so as a result of this, they just don't believe
that they can lose weight. They're like, yeah, I can't lose weight. And so a lot of like, if
you're just going to target someone who believes they can't lose weight, as much as we are going
deeper, it's like, I don't want, I don't want a belief to be your core avatar because there's more
to unpack. Okay, and I'm looking at myself here because again, I'm trying to see my hand, but like,
real talk, I don't want your belief. I don't want the belief to be your core avatar because,
like I said, there's more to unpack and there's more to understand about that belief. Okay,
someone feels anxious. Again, we can unpack that more, but we're going to do that with, you know,
Again, if you guys want to use beliefs, you can.
The end of the day, the reason why I didn't put it in here is because I think five is more than enough.
And I don't, again, like I said, I don't want you guys to just like use beliefs because like, technically, you can just target someone who feels anxious if you want, but just targeting someone who believes they can't lose weight.
And then at the end of the day, beliefs also imply something else.
Like you can't just say, I believe this thing because like the belief usually ties to like an experience or a behavior or something.
So that's why it's not it.
Okay.
But the end of the day, beliefs are crucial, but they're not a core category.
Okay, they're not a core five category.
And so when you catch yourself thinking in terms of beliefs or you spot beliefs in your research during court, during your core avatar building, simply ask yourself, what happened to make them believe this?
How does this belief make them feel?
And why do they do or what do they do because of this belief?
This is going to help you identify the experience, the emotion and the behavior behind the belief, and then it just help you unpack it.
Okay.
So this forces you to go more specific and actionable while building your core avatar, then you can or like, well, building notice your avatars in general.
Okay, then you can identify the resulting beliefs later for kind of messaging purposes.
Okay, I kind of use beliefs as like if you like think you can't lose weight anymore.
Like that's a good hook based off of all this information that we've got around the avatar.
Okay.
So beliefs are really great for hooks.
Question is now Spencer, two and a half hours in.
Oh my goodness.
How many avatars should I make?
It's another great question.
And the truth is if you ask me, there is no right answer to how many avatars you should have.
Okay.
With that said, because I know you guys like direction, here is how I would recommend from a focus standpoint how many avatars you should have.
So stage one, if you are zero to a hundred K per month, I would even say like 250 K, but whatever, 100 K per month plus or minus 100 K.
You should only have one core avatar that you focus on at a time.
Okay, preferably based on a desire, experience or behavior.
But you will need to focus on creating sub avatars around that core avatar so you can be more specific and more relatable in the beginning.
Okay, the lower revenue, the lower the revenue you have, usually the more specific you need to be.
Again, as a brand, you earn the right to go broader or like, if you have a great product, you earn the right to go broader.
If you are a fantastic marketer, you earn the right to go broader.
And so if you are in stage one, just choose one core avatar and focus on going more specific on that core avatar.
Okay.
So if you ask me to give you even more guidance for the sake of simplicity,
99% of you should focus on a single desire based core avatar and build sub avatars around that.
And the reason why is because desires are there and they exist and they're the reason why we buy things.
Okay.
And to help you with that, if you want an idea of like what desire to go after,
I would recommend looking at your biggest competitors or other competitors because in the beginning, sometimes it's better to replicate than to make your own.
But see what desires they are scaling with and what desires they are going after if you can spot them.
And then simply just go deeper on sub avatars. So you can, this is a term that I'm going to quote.
You can out avatar them, right? Rather than out market them because truthfully, you're not that good at marking yet. I'm sorry.
In marketing, you can out avatar them. Okay. Now, if you find yourself stuck
and not able to make the sub avatar works, sub avatars work after two to four weeks of testing,
then you can look at changing your desire based core avatar to like a new desire based core avatar.
But just understand that like focus and depth, like the deeper you go on understanding like what makes this this desire?
Who has this desire? What are they doing to try to get this desire? How do they feel about this desire?
How do they feel about the things that they're doing? There's so much shit to go deep on. You know, who has it demographic wise, right?
The deeper you go, the better that you get and the closer that you'll likely get to cracking that desire. Okay, your goal in the beginning is to crack the desire.
And so just for like the sake of simplicity for zero to a hundred k-ers,
find a desire, the one that has, again, follow the desire sheet, the strongest desire that you can find.
So like I wouldn't say like go after the biggest ones, like I don't want to say scope, find like a medium scope,
you know, like again, think on the scale and scope is like how many people share it, like think of like a decent desire, right?
Who your competitors going after like what's the desire? Okay, maybe use that.
And then from there, you know, take a look at like how urgent is it, like how strong is it, how strong is it, and then once you have it, just boom, start there.
And your entire job is just sub avatar, sub avatar, sub avatar, sub avatar, sub avatar, like do not leave this desire.
Go fucking deep, go deep on that desire and do not change it.
Like I said, if you go two to four weeks and you ask yourself, have I thought of every fucking sub avatar for this desire possible?
And do I think that maybe this desire is just dead?
Then at that point, switch desire, because I'm telling you there's value in depth and you've probably seen a video from Sean or maybe if you haven't, he's talked about like the power of one, like the rule of one of like just going deep.
And that is a fact that is true fact.
Okay, that that does matter.
But the point is, is a lot of you guys just don't go that deep.
Hopefully with this worksheet, you can see how deep you can go.
Okay? So that's for zero to a hundred K aurs.
A hundred K to a million months, right?
At this stage, generally, there's not much that changes, okay?
You just, now you just need to get better, okay?
You just need to do, you need to do more ads
and you need to do better ads, okay?
And so you should still be focused on one core avatar
and specifics of avatars that can potentially convert better.
But ideally at this point,
you're getting better at marketing
because now you're dealing a hundred K month,
200 K month, 300 K month.
Most people are in this stage, okay?
And so you should be able to execute better ads,
which means you can go after slightly broader avatars, okay?
It doesn't mean go after broader avatars.
That's not the takeaway.
It just means that the better at marketing
that you get, the closer to a million a month,
usually the better you go, all right, marketing,
the more broader that you can go.
Again, you earn the right to go broader.
However, as you get above 500 K per month, okay?
Just to be clear, this is per month,
you will likely want to start looking at adding
in additional core avatars, okay?
So maybe have like two to three total
for you to scale further with, okay?
And again, just understand that like,
you can still go so fucking deep on one core avatar.
You guys don't understand how deep you can go.
But if you decide to pivot to a new core avatar, okay?
You actually can, as a result,
start to increase the total surface area.
But just know that when you switch your focus
from one avatar to another,
that honestly takes you away from like your main thing.
And so just be aware that if like you switch
to a new core avatar and you're trying to get to work,
and you know, the old avatar,
and like your sales start going down or whatever,
that's probably because you just like lost your focus
on the avatar that was working.
So it doesn't mean like don't be scared
to go test new avatars, core avatars specifically, right?
I would almost see some of you guys like,
if you have a core avatar that got you to 500K a month,
just keep like try to go broader
and focus more on execution, okay?
Like that could be a game plan for you guys.
But if you feel like you've like,
I'm really tapped out this,
like if I've done a lot of sub avatars,
I feel like my execution is good,
which can always be better,
then you can potentially look at, you know,
going into a new core avatar,
new desire based core avatar,
an experienced based core avatar,
demographic based core avatar, okay?
So at this point, your brand,
you should have enough bandwidth for you and your team
to go deep on multiple core avatars instead of just one.
However, we have been able to scale
to a million plus a month
with one core avatar in great execution.
So stage three, one mil to 10 mil a month.
So once you get to the one mil per month mark,
this is where avatar creation starts to expand.
And the closer that you get to 10 mil per month,
the broader the avatars need to be to be,
the broader the avatars need to be,
pardon me,
or the more avatars that you need to have, okay?
So typically it's a combination of both, okay?
If you have scaled to a million plus per month run, right?
That usually means you're a good marketer, okay?
However, at this stage,
to get to five million plus per month and closer to 10,
you and your team need to become great marketers, okay?
And at this stage,
you also need to start weaponizing new mechanisms,
new information and true new identities, okay?
Through branding and not avatar building, okay?
So like the real identities that we talked about before.
So that way you can convince more people
who aren't just buying because it's relatable, okay?
So the big focus for those of you trying to get
from like eight figures to nine figures
is not just or just like multi eight in general.
So I'll just say from eight to multi eight figures
'cause that's real deal shit.
Like if you're doing 20, 30, 40 million a year,
like 50 million a year, like bro, you're fucking cooking.
You know what I'm saying?
Like obviously I know you guys wanna get to nine,
but you have to understand like,
We're playing a different game here, okay?
So just know at this instance, okay?
It's not just about being relatable with more avatars,
unless you have just ridiculous volume,
but there's an example down here that is gonna show that.
But although at this stage, again,
if you're, you know, trying to get to 10 mil a month,
you might have three to 10 core avatars, okay?
Thing is here is like you need to have
world-class execution for those avatars, okay?
If you're just relying on avatars and you need volume.
But again, if you analyze the brand
that I talked about in the beginning,
one of the biggest brands actively indeed
to see that I follow, okay?
Comfort.
They are maxing out relatability at scale, okay?
They generate over 10,000.
You guys can't understand this volume.
So you guys have never even made 10,000 ads in your life.
Some of you will never make 10,000 ads.
They're doing 10,000 ads a week, okay?
So like what you might do in 10 years,
these guys are doing in a week.
So even if just 10% of those are relatable,
fuck it, even 1%, you know,
that's 100 to 1,000 pieces of relatable content
being pumped out on repeat, okay?
They've not scaled to $50 million plus a month
and they're probably not gonna do 100 million.
I'm actually chatting with Hudson in a couple of days.
And if you're watching this, then awesome.
Not Hudson, but for people that heard that.
At the end of the day,
they might be doing 100 million dollars in a member, okay?
That is not by accident, guys.
Avatars dialed, mechanisms, their way to hoodies, dialed,
brand, supporting mental health, dialed, volume,
masters of it, okay?
And so that's when we get to this like stage, stage four here
of 10 mil plus a month.
You know, I touched briefly on this with comfort
and like what they're doing.
But this stage, like you need to be leveraging everything
in this document and more, okay, and volume.
But you know, if you're actually watching this,
like, or reading this document,
you're probably already in Apex,
or you're looking to prepare your business for an exit,
or you're just, you know, you're on another level.
And this is the level that I hope to always be operating at,
but just so you know, like, this approach is something
that you need to be talking to people
who have been there about, okay?
I've only seen a few brands at 10 mil a month.
This is not common to me, right?
I also don't operate at 10 million dollar plus per month brand.
But I want you guys to understand that like at this level,
things change and for most of you guys,
this is more like motivation than anything,
but it's possible to get here
and I'll have more on this as we get there
and as we master it.
So 33 pages of avatar training,
two and a half hours of yapping.
This is hopefully how you guys can understand it.
By the way, like, I mean, I hit the tabs,
but there's a lot more to do,
but I just asked for your guys' patience on this
because this training,
pretty crazy. It's a lot. It's a lot of stuff, a lot to take in. I'm hoping that this training,
um, hopefully this file works and it doesn't, uh, crash out. Well, anything, uh, I hope this,
I hope this training just makes so many people so much more money because that is why I'm doing
this. I just, I hope that by people going through this, the amount of money that they can make as a
result is just so like, just so far beyond whatever they paid to get it or like, I don't even know
if some point like what will happen or what I'll do with this dog, but it's like, I just hope it
makes people a ton of money. That's why I do it guys. So, um, I hope you enjoyed not seeing, obviously,
selfishly, I hope it makes me a ton of money, but, uh, that's it as the evolve avatar training. And
if you got lost in the sauce, just to go back one more time. Again, why are we doing this? We're
trying to create relatability. Okay. And relatability matters because people trust you they buy your
stuff. And the problem with traditional avatars is that they're not actionable and we don't use
them. We just do them because somebody told us to. Okay. And so I'm hoping that as you guys understand
the scale of avatars and you understand how to make avatars using desires, using experiences,
using emotions, using behaviors and habits and using demographics, you can make avatars,
might be my own saying, but avatars so good that like, you're just like, you're rich.
That's the goal. All right. So I'll leave it there for anybody that's watched this whole thing.
Thank you so much. I hope it was worth your time and more. And I just asked that you take action
from this. I'm going to show you how I take action. There's going to be modules that follow
around how to build core avatars, how to build sub avatars, a lot more coming and they're going
to be coming soon. But I want to get this out as soon as I can. And so hope you guys enjoy.
