We're back and today we're going to jump into sub avatars.
Now, it has been a little bit of time since I actually made the original core
avatars video because I wanted to let things breathe a little bit.
And I actually had to go through and define a lot of things.
I've finished.
I know you guys don't see this because you only see the videos that get
uploaded like week by week, but I have spent the last basically two weeks going
through and working on about seven other worksheets.
Like you'll notice here, like this just keeps getting bigger and bigger.
Actually, I just realized you can't see it.
But on my screen share, like the docs just keep getting bigger and bigger.
But my point is is that we are going to jump into sub avatars today.
That is the goal.
We're going to help we're going to go deeper on that and I'm going to show you
how to actually search thinking through the other core five categories to actually
build the best sub avatars that you can.
But this is actually, I'm going to share the screen here.
The second sub avatar video that I'm filming because the original one where I
originally went through and did this, I felt like it wasn't clear enough.
And it was kind of confusing.
Like it wasn't confusing to me, but I felt like it would confuse some of you.
And I also wanted to touch on just how to choose core avatars again.
OK, now one note because you guys should have already watched the core avatar
training is that all avatars need to have desires because that is what actually
pushes them to buy.
OK, so you guys should never have desireless avatars.
OK, because here, you know, for example, behavior based core avatars,
core avatar, people who don't eat before bedtime, right?
Like that could just be a core avatar.
Now that why don't they eat before bedtime?
It could be a ton of different reasons, right?
Maybe it's because they want better sleep.
Maybe it's because they want to lose weight and they think their body will just
like burn all their calories.
If they go to bed hungry, right, it could be a bunch of different things.
But you will need to pick at least one desire.
And so again, for the sake of simplicity, I recommend you guys when you're building
your sub avatars, especially if this is your first time going to this training,
just start with the desire based core avatar.
OK, so that's number one.
Now, the second thing that came up is like, OK, well, which core like
desire based core avatar, do I choose, right?
Because the truth is like we talked about in the core avatar training
that you should have watched before this, each desire is going to have different
urgency, different scope, right?
And so at the end of the day, we need to try to pick a core avatar that is one
that we can kind of work with.
OK.
And now I was mentioning something.
This is actually, I think, take four.
I was mentioning something before about like this avatar right here, which is
someone who like wants to improve their remand deep sleep, we can essentially
create this as a sub avatar while using this.
OK, and so and so what I mean by that is like this desire, specifically, if
someone who wants to improve their remand deep sleep, I actually found in this
Reddit thread, OK?
And so we can basically use this as a desire if we want.
But what I would rather see you guys do is be able to look at this.
And again, we're just looking at words here, OK?
But I want you to be able to look at this and I want you to be able to see, like, OK,
this is obviously a desire.
Someone wants to increase increase their rem or deep sleep, OK?
This can also be an experience, right?
So someone who had a product experience with a whoop,
right, or with an oring.
This is actually a whoop band
that he's looking at here because I've used whoop before.
And so we can almost take this slightly broader
core avatar here and we can build a sub avatar
based off of a product experience, okay?
And so we could do sub avatar number two, the whoop user,
okay, or just like, let's call it sleep tech user.
They still want restorative sleep,
but the product experience that they had is they used
a sleep tech to learn about ram/deep sleep, okay?
And maybe their behavior is they track ram and deep sleep,
okay? And so now the way that we speak to this person
is likely going to be the same as someone
as like this core avatar of someone again,
the first desire as someone who wants to improve
their ram sleep.
Now you could go much more specific here, right?
We could still make a sub avatar from this, right?
And I'm just doing this for the sake of example,
which is like someone who specifically uses an aura,
so product experience.
uses an aura, okay?
And maybe another behavior that they do
is they cold plunge in the morning
or maybe they, let's just do red light therapy at night, okay?
And so at the end of the day, we can do this
but think about on the scale from the avatar training, right?
This is very specific.
Not only does this person need to know what REM and deep sleep is,
they also want to improve it, okay?
And so at the end of the day, what I'm talking about here
is that when we're choosing the core desire,
the core avatar, sorry, core avatar, very, very clearly.
And I want to double down on this and go full screen
because it's important because I'm about to throw
another piece of language at you, okay?
But the core avatar, okay?
Should, again, be desire based and should, like likely,
be slightly more broad, okay?
Because then we can go deeper on it.
But another super important thing is that the desire
that you're going after, your product actually
has to live up to, okay?
And so we're talking about someone here
that wants restorative sleep.
If your product can't help with sleep,
it's not gonna be a good desire for you to go after, man,
because one, or gal, because one, even if they believe you
and they believe that your mechanism can do it,
when they get the product, that the product doesn't do it, okay?
Or if it doesn't do it for the majority,
'cause I understand, like, not every single product
works for every single person, right?
Not every single person that even bought an iPhone
had a great experience and got the experience
that they wanted, it just happens, right?
But the point is, is like, if majority of people
are not having a good experience,
then that's just going to kill your brand.
And I don't want you to kill your brand, okay?
The second thing is, is like, if it's not believable,
enough, like, if your mechanism is not believable enough
for the desire, then it's just like, it doesn't matter.
People aren't gonna buy, right?
And so for example, it would be like,
if you wear sunglasses during the day,
it's actually going to help you get more restorative sleep.
Now, I could maybe swing that out of the way
and I could be like, you know, yeah, because like,
when you're getting sun in your eyes,
it's like, you know, it keeps you more awake,
keeps you wired, and like, by wearing sunglasses,
it just keeps you in the night zone all day.
Now, I just made that up completely,
but it's like, how much am I gonna believe
that sunglasses are gonna help me sleep better,
versus like, for example, an eight sleep,
for those of you that don't know what an eight sleep is,
it's like, a massive sleep machine
that just like, scientifically it's proven
to help you sleep better, but the mechanism's just better
over there and it makes more sense, okay?
And so, the core avatar, you essentially want it to be
a slightly broader desire, okay?
That actually makes sense that your product
can live up to, okay?
That is the most important thing.
Now, the thing where I had some of you smarty pants,
you were saying like, hey, Spencer,
like, should the desire-based core avatar be a core desire?
Now we're getting, this is why I mentioned
I wanna be very clear with core avatar,
because core desires are these bad boys right here,
and we've talked about this,
is if you don't know what I'm talking about,
go back and watch the desire modules,
but basically, that's how sex status,
belonging, control, and comfort.
And so, some of you smarty pants over here were saying,
like, hey, Spencer, should I do, you know,
just for this, for example, you know,
should this just be want to be healthy?
Again, that is want to be health, want to be health,
want to be healthy.
That is a core desire, okay?
And again, now, when we're thinking on the spectrum,
this is very, very broad guys, okay?
And so, that's why what I would recommend is like,
don't probably don't use a core desire
as your desire-based core avatar.
I know that sounds ridiculous,
but what I mean by that is try to use,
you know, just like a more specific desire, okay?
Because from there, you're going,
like more specific from the core desires, okay?
So, and I know like this is becoming word vomit,
and I'm gonna try to slow it down
because I'm just trying to avoid you guys
from being confused,
and we're supposed to be talking about sub avatars,
but this is very important for me to hammer home, okay?
So, for this core-based,
Sorry, for this core avatar that is desired based,
try to choose a desire that is broad, okay?
But not like human want level broad.
Some of you guys can do this
and you can start going way more specific, okay?
On sub avatars and if you wanna do that, you can.
Again, there's no right or wrong way.
I'm just trying to guide you in the direction
of like what is gonna be simplest and easiest for you, okay?
And at the end of the day,
this might throw some of you completely off the rails here.
But if you just ask why does someone want restore to sleep,
obviously the deep core desire behind that
is they wanna be healthier, right?
Or maybe they wanna have more energy,
which kind of leads to health anyways
and everything else and maybe you get the point, okay?
Hopefully we're all clear on the desire
base core avatar.
So just the TLDR, so too long didn't read
'cause I've had people ask me what that means.
And when you're listing out these surface level desires,
that's what they're called,
and you're trying to find a core avatar,
definitely go with one that is slightly more broad, okay?
But not too broad where it's a core desire, okay?
And then from there, you can start to make things
more specific with the sub avatars,
which is what I'm about to show you in this video, okay?
So with that said, how do we find different product
experiences? How do we find different emotions?
How do we find different behaviors?
And to be honest, you guys are gonna notice that behaviors
are like my favorite.
I just love behaviors 'cause I think they're so awesome
and it's like, it's what people do.
And that's like, there's nothing more relatable
than like what we actually do.
For example, you know, I was actually listening to,
or I was watching some videos
and this person was talking about how, you know,
when you're giving talks on stage,
like not saying "um" or not using filler
words or stuff like that and I'm just sitting there thinking,
gosh, wish I knew how to do that, right?
And so my experiences, I use a lot of those,
or my behaviors that I use a lot of those filler words.
And so they just really cut deep, you know what I'm saying?
By the end of the day, my point is,
is when I'm looking at this stuff, how do I find these?
Well, you just search it.
Literally, you just Google it.
I'm gonna go back and show you guys my actual Google here.
So I want to start sleeping better Reddit.
There's a Reddit thread.
Here's another one here.
This one, I think I actually searched
like want more restorative sleep, Reddit.
So that was the actual sub or like the desire.
So what has helped you increase REM and deep sleep?
There's another one.
Here's another one.
Just a straight up Google search.
I want to start sleeping better.
Now I've got this to look at,
and we're gonna go through this.
Another one here that I absolutely love.
This is where we start digging
into the other core five categories.
Okay, so this is me just searching up the desire, okay?
Now I'm searching up the emotion.
So why did I search up lack of sleep?
Well, let's just think about this guys, right?
I know a lot of you guys, maybe you're not brainiacs,
but you're not completely brain dead.
So why would someone want more restorative sleep?
Well, they likely have a problem that they're not getting enough sleep, right?
Or they have this like core desire again core desire going back over here of like they just want to be healthier.
Okay.
And so they probably means like they have some kind of a problem.
And so that's why I search how lack of sleep is making me feel. This was actually like the dumbest like it was just
true Chad. Okay, lack of sleep is making me feel Reddit. And I found this thread. Anyone else experience strong emotionally changes,
strong emotional changes when you don't get enough sleep.
I'm about to go in on this to find a bunch of emotions. Okay, another one over here.
What did I search? I searched some demographics. At what age does sleep start getting worse?
Huh.
Well, that's interesting. Okay. How about this one over here? This was an actual
product experience because I searched out blackout room sleep Reddit because here again,
I'm looking for people that are essentially using this product, right? And so that was just
three kind of like dumbed down searches based out of the core five categories, which again
are demographics, experiences, behaviors, emotions, and desires. And because we went desire hunting and
we found our desire based core avatar, we can click that one out of there, right? And now we just search up
behaviors, emotions, experiences, and demographics. I might even start searching genders, right? So I just searched age here, right? To sleep get worse with age.
Let's maybe search up another one here. Let's go to our avatar sheet.
And I wanted to come down to this as well because I'm going to put a pin. This is a quick side quest.
But again, for those of you, a lot of you guys were asking, how many core avatars should I use? Well, if you're zero to 100k per month, you should just try to find one core avatar.
Okay. And focus on creating sub avatars from that main desire. Very, very simple. If you're 100k to a million per month, you can start looking at a few different
core avatars. Okay. So maybe you look at a few different desires, you know, desire based core avatars for you to go after because you probably are at the point where you're allowed to do that because you're a better marketer.
And then if you're a mill plus a month, you can probably have a few more core avatars. Again, just a core desire based core avatars, depending on how big your
desire based core avatar actually is. Again, how broad it is. But what we could look at here is like, look at all these different demographics, right?
How does location, how does employment
affect sleep? Let's go ahead and search that up. Alright, here's another one. Reddit users report that their jobs negatively impact sleep due to stress, anxiety and disruptive schedules leading to difficulty falling or staying asleep. Okay. I hate my job so much. This, this is our ask Ireland.
I guess this person's got of deep in Ireland. Um, work stress and impact on sleep. People in
different model. Okay. What is this? I need so much sleep. It affects my job. My job is ruined my life. My work changed my sleep schedule three times. I would be looking at what I was trying to find here is like night shift workers. Okay. So night shift workers
on my sleep Reddit. Okay. Because let's think about our product, right?
How do you or what is this? This is, this is six months ago. This one has 50 plus comments. How do people work night shifts manage their lives?
Very interesting. Okay. So my point is, is like, look at all these different threads that we've got the opportunity to go through. Now, again, you could do research overload. It's important to do research and also do action. So like, you can maybe spend an hour going through all these threads and I'm going to go through a few of them to show you like what I found. But my point is, is like, I want you looking at all of these different categories to build sub avatars. Okay. So product based experience, a motion based behavior.
Base, what I'm actually going to do is I'm actually going to do some demographic based avatars. Okay. As much as you guys know, I hate demographics. I'm going to get into it because again, we can use some of the other marketing strategies that we have like the new information.
As well as new mechanisms to help people, you know, to educate people, help people understand things to actually buy the product. All right. So let's take a look because we did some emotional ones here. These could be good. So this person said, is anyone else experiencing strong emotionally changes?
When you don't get enough sleep, it seems to be recurring theme in my life that when I don't get enough sleep, even for a night or two, going out with friends, tossing and turning, my emotions kind of get thrown out of whack until I'm rested again, things like overthinking, being bothered by things that wouldn't normally bother me, negative feelings like jealousy and so forth, all things that are very unlike me. On those days, I have to remind myself to relax and not to be too critical and to get some good sleep. So this is someone who's actually aware, who's like aware of this problem that not getting enough sleep is actually like, making them emotionally.
Different, right, is making them feel not great, making them feel jealous. It's making them feel like they're overthinking, right? So I didn't really see anything that I wanted to pull specifically. Maybe you did. And again, just go with your flow, right? Yes, I can relate as well. I feel similar feelings that we described. I feel so overwhelmed that I'm on the verge of tears for no other reason than I didn't get enough sleep. It's a bit embarrassing and difficult to get through when I need to go to work and get things done. Okay.
And so this is really, really good here. So someone feels overwhelmed because they're not getting enough sleep.
And so now what we can do is we can go into a motion-based sub avatar. Okay?
So in here, we have a motion base, we have a sub avatar,
someone who feels extremely overwhelmed due to a lack of sleep.
And even this right here, guys, just so you know, if you wanted to just turn this
into a actual ad where, where you just start using some of the language that the
customer uses, this is going to sound really dumb, right?
Me, some headlines or hooks, and I'm going to give you guys way better prompts.
I promise, by the way, based off of,
this Reddit thread for my product,
which helps with improving sleep, blackout blinds.
Let's just see what cloud cooks up.
Look at this, this is so cool, guys, like problem.
And in cloud, by the way, cloud is zero context right now.
So once you guys actually have this information
and you give it to cloud with proper context,
it's gonna print for you.
But at the end of the day, one bad night turns you
into someone you're not.
Here's why lights light is ruining your sleep.
The real reason you overthink everything
after tossing and turning all night, really specific.
Jealous, irritable, emotional, and you're not broken,
you're just not sleeping in total darkness.
Before and after, stop waking up
as the wrong version of yourself.
From overthinking mess to common center
just by blocking out light.
Sleeping complete darkness, wake up as yourself again.
The difference between why am I like this?
And some of these are getting more broad, I would say,
like I love the specifics, right?
The real reason you overthink after tossing
and turning all night.
This is amazing because if we look at this
from someone who overthink,
because they're tossing and they don't get enough sleep
because they're tossing and turning
or hanging or went out with their friends,
like that headline or that hook specifically
covers both of those, okay?
And so that is just where like if you guys are like,
I don't know how to turn my research into ads,
like there you go, okay?
Now this sub-abitar is basically like I would,
this headline would work for that sub-abitar, okay?
If two bad nights turn you into an overthinker,
you need black outlines.
Things that shouldn't bother you suddenly do,
that's not you, that's bad sleep.
Be yourself tomorrow.
This is kind of like waking,
making people aware of a problem as well.
Like this is going after a much larger audience too.
But at the end of the day,
this is what it's like why research is so powerful.
But let's take a look at some demographics
'cause we just did an emotional one, right?
And again, you guys can see like,
you can basically print these sub-avatars, right?
Now let's take a look at some demographic based, okay?
So I don't even know what sub-avitar number I'm on.
I'm just gonna leave it blank.
But over here, we have a did your sleep get worse with age.
So I feel like I'm finally at a stage
where I'm getting the signs of aging now.
I wake up almost three to four times a night
for literally no reason.
The only, this only just started recently
and I'm wondering if anyone else experiences this as well.
He literally said experience,
wake up three to four times a night for no reason.
That's the experience, okay?
We could even make an experience based avatar.
This is just general, doing, let's pace this in.
Experience, ta-da, look at us.
Conquering it all right now, guys.
the Waker upper. I don't know if that works as a, as a sub avatar name. You guys tell me.
This is not a product experience. This is just a regular experience. Wakes up.
almost three to four times a night.
This is somewhat of a behavior, I would say,
but we can call it an experience.
So this is just like, this is kind of a pattern
'cause it happens multiple times,
but they've probably had the experience
of waking up three to four times a night for no reason.
That's just an experience that they probably
don't go through every night.
If they go through it every night,
they're probably much stronger desire for them to fix.
But let's take a look.
Yes, it's awful.
And even when I sleep through the night for some reason,
I don't ever get enough deep sleep,
so I can see feel like crap.
I had a sleep doctor with UCLA
and an appointment with me angling,
declaring everyone gets their sleep cycles, everyone, be-otch.
So this person's in per-peri-menopause, so there you go.
I feel it's in my soul, 77 male.
Over the years, my ability to sleep through the entire night
utterly vanished, to be replaced by having to wake up,
to pee every few hours and waking up
without any desire to go back to sleep,
first thing in the morning.
I'm lucky I can manage more than six hours a night.
Recently, I've been taking it over the counter,
supplement called L, whatever that is.
You know, major Spencer, or English, major Spencer.
Okay, deep sleep numbers went up.
Look at that, 25 upvotes.
Yes, only about four unbroken hours a night.
I've struggled on an offense on me since my early 20s.
I'm looking for demographics here, guys.
I'm dead the next day.
Okay, 71 Canadian here, legal into kagummies,
and maybe a glass of capsab, my favorite.
My go-to for getting to solids, I love my sleep.
That's pretty funny, okay?
So, here's what I love about those guys.
Like, this is a demographic.
This guy's a very specific avatar, but I love this,
because like, this is again another behavior,
which is why I love behavior so much,
'cause most people mention their behaviors,
and I promise we're gonna get to other sub-avatars,
but listen to, I'm gonna call this the drug taker.
Well, I kind of want something better,
but basically, you know, we have a demographic of 71.
It's pretty old, but we could just say 70 plus.
And the behavior, or this is kind of product experience.
Let's just summarize it as a behavior.
So it takes weed gummies and drinks wine.
behavior drinks wine. He literally said cap sap specifically. And he loves his sleep.
What a beauty. Okay. And so this is the, I don't know, we can almost call them the full,
full sender grandpa. At the end of the day, this obviously doesn't, we don't need to include
this demographic. But if a lot of people smoke, we need to go to sleep or take like CBD to go to
sleep. And again, what was the outcome of this, right? Like the product, or I would just say
his overall experience is he has a great sleep. Okay. And so this person right here,
let's just take a look says he has a great sleep. So he's not really someone who says,
Mrs. Leahy, that's kind of funny, who wants more restorative sleep. Like they have a great sleep.
Okay. And so this is kind of more or less under, if we go back to the sub avatar,
like this is more or less just information that we could pull from. Like maybe someone did have,
you know, does take wheat gummies or like does drink wine to get good sleep. But potentially,
they know that it's not healthy for them. Okay. And so potentially, like, I don't want to,
I don't want to start creating different avatars. But this is almost somebody who,
who like has the desire of like wanting to sleep better, but in, but, but healthier,
like in a healthier way in a way that's actually like better for their body. And so that's another
thing that we could add down there if we want to, because I got to look excited about this. But the
truth is, is like, this person clearly doesn't have a problem, right? So it's cool to see this,
right? But we could potentially just use this information for writing where it's like,
get a better sleep without having to, you know, intoxicate yourself or without having to,
you know, get stoned, you know what I mean? And so you could also potentially go through
and create angles around that. This is also where you could just start looking up like weed gummies
to improve sleep, Reddit, and start reading more about this is like, anyone tried edibles and
now you can start going down another rabbit hole, but I'm trying to stay focused here. Okay. This
is just a product experience that you can also again, go deeper on, right? As you guys can see,
there's so much to go deeper on. I don't want that to be overwhelming for you. I just want that to
be, you know, really like, I want this to be exciting for you more than anything. Okay, 67,
I haven't slept more than four hours straight in 20 years. Okay, so this is super interesting.
So it seems like this avatar that's like 60 plus. So we're just going to call it like the 60 plus
four hour nighter sort of thing, or like four to six hour nighter.
So desire, obviously once for short of sleep, the demographic is going to be 60 plus. Okay.
And so their overall like experience, I would say is sleeps four to six hours per night, right?
Or their behavior as they sleep for six hours tonight. At the end of the day, they're only,
they're only getting four to six hours per night. So what we can do here is we can start to
base base ads around demographics as well. Again, we're still including desire where it's like,
if you're 60 plus, and you haven't slept more than six hours, then and or you can't sleep
more than six hours. It's like, here's the reason why. Okay. And so this is a really, really good
opportunity because at the end of the day, most like older people, we could also add in a behavior
here where it's like they go to bed early, huh, right? Making assumptions here, not true, but I'm
assuming most older people usually go to bed earlier. Okay. And so potentially the reason why
they can't sleep for longer than four to six hours is because like the room just isn't dark
enough, right? See where I'm going with this. And so for people who are early nighters,
so I would call this. So early nighters is just a label. So again, I mentioned we're going to
talk about labels later. Labels are just like what you call these types of people, right? Because
60 plus four to six hour nighter doesn't really make make sense. But we could just call this the
Elderly older night people or elderly early nighters. There we go. We're getting names together
What we could do here is we could call these people out where we could use more even like a you know
Even even like a north style ad where it's like if you're if you're 60 plus
If you're if you only sleep six hours and you're 60 plus, you know
Here's why blah blah blah blah. But the end of the day what I love about this angle is we're starting to really develop some
Actionable sub avatars that we can go and target. Okay, and this was demographic base. We went through a motion-based ones
This is another one. How do people who work night shifts measure lives when I find it difficult to wake up an hour earlier or go to bed
An hour later. So I'm very interested in night shifters, right? So night shifters. There's a label right there
You see that when someone calls that out speaking of labels when someone calls that out
You got to jot that down, right?
So this is also another demographic based person because again, it's based on their job and so this would be night shift workers
And again, think about, go deeper, what type of night shift workers are there?
There's, or make you call it, you could be called like graveyard shifts, right?
That's another thing.
So night shifters is a really good label.
I know this is ugly, but night shifters, uh, we could also think about graveyard.
Uh, graveyard shift is a common term.
You're trying to use their lingo.
Okay.
But let's go ahead and take a look.
Um, I'm very interested in night shift, night shifters lifestyle outside of work.
Do you take some sleeping pills to go to sleep when you must go to sleep?
Do you go to sleep in the morning after the night shift?
Then what do you wake up in the evening, staying awake for the whole night?
It sounds like the whole, um, resume is, is screwed up.
Uh, it depends on the hours that you work.
I worked from 11 PM to an AM for a few years.
That was very easy to adjust, uh, to, and live a normal life after work.
I slept a few hours after work, woke up at one o'clock and was good to go until
78 when I usually took a couple of hours, not before work.
Now I work 12 hours shifts, six to six.
And sometimes I have no control over my body.
I sometimes get so tired, I come home, take a shower and sleep until three or
four PM nonstop.
No amount of noise or alarm can wake me up, but I do live a nocturnal life.
So it's okay.
If you work nights, you have to embrace a lifestyle of a vampire.
Um, so there you go.
Like this is pretty interesting, right?
So this is someone said, Hey, I just embraced the lifestyle of a vampire.
Um, and that's just how it is.
Um, but we can start to see like, okay, these are people that work night shift.
And I'm going to try to build a sub avatar for you guys.
It's just this video is getting along and I try to keep it short.
Okay, cool.
So here's just an example of like a night shift worker where it's like desire.
They want more restorative sleep.
Demographic obviously works a night shift job.
Even that alone could be good enough.
Right.
Because again, I'm just looking at people who, you know, who are trying to
manage their life better.
Um, but this is super interesting to see either way, because for example, I
had spotted a few behaviors, right?
I spotted people who go to bed right after work.
And then I spotted behaviors for people who, you know, go to bed.
Um, a couple of hours or like they'll wake up.
They'll spend a couple of hours after their day in the morning.
And then, and then they go to bed, right?
And so based on that behavior, the, the behavior that I kind of like is like
someone who, who stays up for a bit after work.
And then goes to bed.
And what I like about this is because the angle here is like when you need to
sleep, because you have to be up, you know, at, you know, 7 p.m.
or whatever, or at a specific time, this is kind of the, again, the
hook or the headline that I'm running, which we were, we were going to get into
very shortly.
Um, you, you need total darkness.
Right.
And so my point of this is, is like, we can start to see, okay, this is someone
who works at night shift.
They stay up a little bit late, but they are basically setting an alarm and
they obviously have to be up at a certain point, but it's still bright out.
And so what I would assume might happen is potentially these people, um, are
staying up too long or whatever it is.
At the end of the day, I'm assuming these people are probably pretty tired
because they work night shift, but a lot of them is just kind of their routine
based on what I've seen.
And again, I'm just doing, this is just me doing one Reddit of research.
But my point is it's like, okay, now I have a sub avatar of night shift for
workers, which is actually a great avatar for us to target because guess what?
They sleep during the day.
And that's what it's bright out and obviously if you're going to sleep, it's
kind of hard to sleep during the middle of the day.
Okay.
And so that is sub avatars.
You can see I have a ton here in the next step.
We're going to get into definitions.
We're gonna get into angles, which has been one of the
best thing. So the most fun I've ever had defining. And so I'm very excited for that.
But this is sub avatars. You guys have hopefully gone through the core avatars video and I'm
going to be pumping out these angles and these execution modules coming soon because obviously
you know that we're getting very close to Q forward depending on when you're watching
this is probably going to be a video that lasts a very long time. At the end of the day,
that is everything that you need to know around sub avatars. If you still have questions,
just know there is no right or wrong answer. You're just building these sub avatars and
these sub avatars are going to give you the angles for you to go and test and target in
your ads. I'm going to explain this a lot more clearly in the upcoming modules. Basically,
your sub avatars create the angles. When you're trying to figure out why are we doing all
the Spencer? Why am I coming up with all these sub avatars? Well, these sub avatars
give you angles. And in marketing, guess what? You need angles. And so if the angles are
relatable, you're going to have better angles. And so that's the whole reason why we're
doing this in the first place. For those of you trying to understand, I'm just taking
things step by step. So I'm very excited for this. We're going to get into now some of
execution stuff and I will see you in those modules.
