Transcribed with Cockatoo


0:00:00
All right, what is up guys? So in this video, I'm gonna be talking about something that is pretty interesting and something that I just want you guys to be aware of. It's not really a shift in strategy or anything like that, but it's just something that we noticed for this brand specifically. And we have seen it for some other brands as well that we know definitely are more seasonal. But I wanted to share this with you guys because I found it very, very interesting. And so what I just want to show you is this is an account that's in our media buying program. 

0:00:24
So just a little bit of background. a brand that we've known for years and years and years, and we just support them with media buying. And what I want you guys to see here is that inside of our main campaign, our current top spender is a new raw DCT that they've sent over. And we have some other ads in here, but I want you to take a look at these two image ads here, because this is actually an image ad that our team put together quite a while ago. And you can see it has tons of engagement. So again, so for those of you guys that are like, oh man, this ad has all this engagement, 13 ,000 likes. 

0:00:55
this, this ad with like no engagement is just launched as getting all the spend. So it doesn't matter. But the point is, is that this ad right here is just not really doing anything, right? Even if we take a look over the last 30 days, I mean, it's getting some spend, but it's just not really doing anything. 

0:01:11
Okay. 

0:01:11
And so why am I showing you this, right? Why does this matter? Well, if we go back to November, and really looking at December as well, you can see that inside of this campaign specifically, we were spending a lot more and obviously getting a pretty solid return on ad spend. And if we filter by amount spent here, you can see that the Champions ad set was getting all of the spend. And if you look at it, this ad specifically was pulling all of the weight. And so if we go into December as well, I believe it was also the top spender through December. 

0:01:47
Yeah, you can see we spent even more money in December. We spent $35 ,000 in December, obviously at a 2 .3. But the point is, is you could see this ad was, was the top performer. It was the winning ad, right? And now this is, again for a lot of you guys like probably comment because you know winning ads die out right well what i want to show you guys is that we actually made this ad in like April, like actually, no, it was a very, very long, it might've been like 2023. 

0:02:15
And so the reason why I say that is because if we actually go back to November, 2023, which is crazy, this is when we actually launched this ad specifically. So if you see a November of 2023, we actually spent $45 ,000 with this brand and a 2 .36x and you can see that this was the new winning DCT that we had hit. I think it actually might have been, was it in October maybe that we hit it? I knew it was in the champions ad set specifically. Maybe it was in December. I know I'm clicking and clacking around here guys, sorry for dragging you through this it was it was one of these well the point is they ran out of stock in november after we scaled so we we had hit one of these winners i think we actually hit it in a different campaign yeah it was in our it was in our general campaign okay there we go i'm not losing my mind um so you can see here this Sparks ad, this DCT right here is the one that just absolutely started taking off, right? 

0:03:12
And so this was when we originally launched it. You can see September 27th of 2023, this was the one that really started taking off during November and December, right? And so interesting enough though, is if we actually go back into just all ads here, just so you can see, ads that are getting the most amount of spend, and I promise this video is going to have a point to it. You can see that these were ripping and these were getting all of the spend. And if we go into, for example, March, the month that we just had, where I just showed you it wasn't getting spent, you can also see here that it stopped getting spent in November and December. It just completely died. 

0:03:49
Look at this. It got $81 in spend and we didn't really change anything. It just died, right? And so we ran a lot of last year without that new best performing ad that we had. And we were like, well, what the hell? Like, why is this not working? 

0:04:03
Why is this not scaling? And you could see, we did like a summer promo, but that ad is just nowhere to be found. It was still on. There's just nowhere to be found in the top spender list. 

0:04:11
Right. 

0:04:12
And as you guys saw in November, again, of last year, we actually ended up turning it off. previously, but in November, I decided to turn it back on and sure enough, it started performing again in November. We're like, huh, this is weird, right? And then again, I already showed you guys this, but in December, it was ripping in, it got $13 ,000 in spend. And sure enough, it's the same story where as we got into January, you know, it was still getting a decent amount of spend, but then we got into February and March and it just started getting less and less and less. 

0:04:43
right? 

0:04:44
2k there still look like it was the top performer. And then March is the month where again, we've just noticed this that yeah, there you go. Now it's not getting spent anymore. It's still getting a decent amount of spend, but it's just not quite there. And so my point is, is we have actually noticed that some ads do you just have a time of year where they perform really well? And so if you guys have had ads that performed really well during a specific time of year, you can actually try turning them back on. 

0:05:09
I'm actually gonna show you guys one more account where this happened in particular as well. So let me go ahead and do that. 

0:05:15
All right, cool. 

0:05:15
So again, here's another batch of ads that in June for this brand specifically, it's a little bit bigger, spent $157 ,000. It was these top ads up here. 

0:05:25
Okay. 

0:05:25
And they were absolutely ripping. And then as we slowly went through into August and September, things started to slow down. You can see the spend started going way down and then we ended up actually ultimately killing this campaign or just like slowing it way down. Again, we were doing some page testing and stuff like that in there, but those ads just completely fatigued. But if you actually fast forward to recently when we had just turned those ads back on, you could see they're now actually running again. 

0:05:50
And we've been able to crank spend back up again to around $60 ,000 a month. And now we're expecting them. We did that in March. It wasn't until June when we actually turned them back on. But my point is, is that if you had ads that were doing really well, you can try re -engaging them again after a couple months of having them turned off, just to see if that was just maybe a really crappy period. And there's an opportunity for you to maybe just give get more performance from older ads that, you know, maybe during a specific time of year, they're trash, but during a you know, the right time of year, they're great ads. 

0:06:23
And that's kind of the trending desires that can happen in the market. But I really wanted to share this with you guys because we've seen this just, again, there's not too many buttons that you can click that can drive up performance. But if you had existing ads and this top ads ad set here is actually all the previous ads from when we were really ripping and scaling in June. And then we also turned on the other ones here as well. You can see, and again, this is ABO and we'll, we have videos coming out on this as well. So don't panic. 

0:06:47
But the point is, is this is something that I wanted to share with you guys because it was very interesting. for us to see not just one account but two accounts that older ads just turning them back on and giving them an opportunity during times of year where they've performed well is a great way to kind of recoup performance. Because what ends up happening is a lot of times ads will just go through a slump and maybe you just have a bad month and then you start turning off all these ads. And then if you would have just left them running, their performance might have just picked back up. And so anytime you guys have had super winners or ads that have really helped you scale in the past, I would highly recommend trying to just give them another chance to see what happens. If you guys want to pull them out and put them into an ABO like we did, you totally can. 

0:07:28
And we actually now have these ripped back into the CBO and of course they're getting spend and they're doing well. But the point is, is I wanted to share this with you guys because this is something, again, there's not too many buttons that you can click that can really drive up performance, but this has been one that has been really, really helpful for us for driving down our NCPA and obviously driving up our NC ROAS and overall performance. So I'll leave it there. If you guys have any questions around this, please let me know. But I figured I'd share this with you guys because I found it very, very, very interesting. 

0:07:53
And another thing to note is that we also switched. Oh, we did switch it. This is still a seven day click one day view that we switch. 

0:08:00
Oh, no. 

0:08:00
Okay. So This one up here is seven day click But we did switch some of this as well to seven day click only which is a variable in the previous account We in the previous account we did not do that But there were some ad sets that we started to relaunch at seven day clicks and we're doing a massive ABO test So for those of you that don't know there's gonna be a big video probably like an hour -long video that comes out on our findings from ABO but the TLDR is this is that if you guys have old ads that you turned off because they had slow performance during a certain period go back to see when they performed well and you might have an opportunity to get that performance again the next year especially if you guys have new data or older data to look back on. Okay. So that's it. That's the video. Hopefully this helps.


Transcribed with Cockatoo
