Transcribed with Cockatoo


0:00:00
Alright guys, so in this video we're going to talk about how to deal with ads that are overspending and going to take the account in or tank the account I should say and what precautions you can take when launching new ads. Now it is a bit tedious and the reason why is because Facebook rules are super fucking dumb and I don't know why but right now there really is no way to to actually create a rule inside of meta that allows you to basically go through and set an automatic kill trigger for ads that tank or take over a majority of spend and are below KPI. That is what we wanna do in an ideal world. And so you can see we are starting to play with some more rules here, but the main thing is what we were trying to do is we were trying to set up a rule that is very simple. So this is, this would just be called auto kill. Uh, and I'm, I'm showing you guys this in case, you know, there is somebody that wants to think or. 

0:01:00
can see that this actually works, but basically this will apply to all active ad sets. We're going to turn off ad sets and the conditions must match that basically the spend is greater than whatever threshold that you want. So for a lot of our brands, we are obviously spending a little bit more on ads. And so for spending two or three or four or five or 10 or 15 or 20 K a day, we're probably going to say like, okay, if an ad gets more than 500 bucks or it gets more than a thousand bucks in spend, And the cost per result, or what we would say is our return on ad spend. So ROAS is less than, is smaller than a like 1 .2 X. And so, or you could just put whatever it is. If you're scaling at a 1 .5 and you don't wanna see a ROAS less than one or whatever it is, you can adjust this however you want. 

0:01:50
Again, the spend threshold is based off of where you're at. Obviously, if you're spending like 200 or $300 per day, then you could just set it at like 150 per day as an example, right? And what you would do is you would basically say like, hey, the time range that we're looking at here is this. So if the ad and the other rule that we need to add, so you would say like date or launched, I think is a time last edited. Let me just confirm which one it is. 

0:02:15
Yeah. 

0:02:16
So inside of here, we would say hours since creation, uh, you know, is, is smaller than 24. So basically if it's a new ad that we launched in the last 24 hours and the spend is greater than $500 and the ROAS is less than our target, uh, then we will turn off this ad set. Now the problem is, is when we create this, this is unfortunately something goes wrong while creating the rule and it was not successfully created. It just says, uh, performance related conditions are not available for this rule. When actions turn off or turn on or send Notifications about any assets that use CBO Okay. So this is super dumb. 

0:02:50
I don't know why, but that's just how it is. So what do we do? Well, what we can do instead, it's a little bit tedious because obviously that rule would be fantastic. And that's basically what we want to do. Um, what we're going to do is we're just going to set maximum daily budgets. And so to give you an example of where this would come into place, I want you to take a look at this ad here that we actually launched on April 16th. 

0:03:09
So if we go to the 15th year, you can see in total, uh, we had spent about $972 on this ad. Okay, so this ad picked up spend and just started absolutely ripping. And you can see our cost per click was 57 cents. But the problem with this ad is it was way too click baity. Okay. And so if you take a look at this, it says like, you know, click for sensitive info, see why. 

0:03:32
And then what was happening is people were clicking it. thinking it would like show the thing, but it just took them to the website. And we were also able to track this by adding customized columns. And so this is how you guys can see if you're getting misclicks for the wrong reason. You can go to link clicks, which we have, and then we can do landing page views. Now, landing page views aren't always a hundred percent accurate, but the point is, is you can, for example, just pull this down. 

0:03:54
I'm just going to save this for the time being. And you can see out of the 1 ,649 link clicks, we had 1 ,300 landing page views, which is still pretty decent, but 1 ,300 divided by 1 ,649 is about 78%. Now, if we compare that to our champions ad set here, which you can see spent about $600, you can see we had 173 link clicks and 172 landing page views. Again, four and four, 10 and 10, 18 and 19. This one was five and seven, nine and 10, 18. 

0:04:23
Apparently we had one more landing page view, more here as well. which shows you landing page views. But the point is, as you can see, we're basically like a hundred percent here. And this one was like 78 % so people were just saying oh shit I didn't mean to click on this and what ended up happening is is Facebook saw this as an ad That looked like it was gonna crush and you could see for these two days I mean look at this cost per click 20 cents is absolutely nutty and then again you can you can take a look here 1900 to you know to 3k like this this has gotten even worse so people were Accidentally clicking this ad and if you take a look at these two days, you can see this has 0 .26 X return ad spend so people were clearly clicking this for the wrong reason and we believe to do uh, spending limits inside of here, you would edit this and you would click add, set spending limit, and then you would put a daily maximum of whatever you want. So let's just say, for example, you want to set a daily max of 500 for every single new creative that you test just to ensure that nothing, no matter what, like, even if it's a new winner, if it spends, if it, if it takes up $500 and spent, right. And I'm just using the threshold of 500 because I think for most people, like who are spending, who need this rule that are spending 15, 20 or 30 K a day, This is a pretty decent amount if you want to give it. 

0:05:49
more, you can, but what will happen is, is you'll notice that this will suck up spend right away, right? Or it should suck up spend right away. And if you see it's at a really good row as then obviously the next day you can just remove it. This is definitely being safer than sorry. And if you don't have this problem, I'm not trying to make you aware of a problem that is extremely scary, but the point is, is like, if you've launched a batch of ads, you have a 20 K per day budget and you launch them at midnight and you go to bed and then you wake up and you see an ad that has already spent like 4k or 3k of your 20k budget so far and it's you know just a shit ROAS then obviously you know this maximum daily budget can help you right. If it's happened one odd time It's and edit it. 

0:07:28
for spending. That is something that can happen. And we've also been seeing that people are getting bought in and people are spamming content or comments on people's ads and stuff like that and kind of fooling Meta's algorithm. Now, again, this is part of the strategy, it's part of the game, but that is a way that you guys can protect yourself if this is happening to you quite often.


Transcribed with Cockatoo
