If you want to check scale to a million dollars per month with Facebook ads, you're going to need some bangler creatives. I've helped multiple clients reach a million dollars a month with just Facebook ads alone, so I'm going to teach you exactly how to do the same with your creatives. So let's go to play a game. One of these Facebook ads here has made about 100,000, but the question is which one. And I'm going to teach you how to create creatives like this that can scale. And if you've watched any of my previous creative strategy classes before, this will be the best one so far. I'm gonna teach you not only how to create it, how to create more versions of it, iterations and how to scale further beyond a million dollars per month. So one of these ads has made over a hundred thousand. I'm gonna let you guess which one. What I'm gonna do is play each one. The only difference for these three videos is the hook, but let me just play the first version in full first. If you're a parent like me, you know how important it is to have a humidifier at home. That's Let me play the second hook now. for the third hook. So for these three videos only the hook is different as you can see from the previews. The first one starts with if you're a parent like me. The second one starts with as a busy parent and the third one starts with I was so sick of cleaning my old humidifier. If you were to guess which one would have done the best. The first version, second version or the third version. Pause. Anyways, the best one is as a busy parent. I'm going to tell you why it did the best in a while, but before we even look at just the hook itself, you need to look at the overall video. If you remember what I played a few seconds ago for the overall video, this ad, we consider it a problem aware ad. When we look at the ad, it's important to know which awareness stage it's for. There's a bunch of different awareness changes being unaware stage where people don't even know what the product is or don't even know what their own problem is to a stage down the funnel like product aware where people already know about your product they just need a reason to buy. This stage is called problem aware. People know about the problem already they just don't know about a solution for it. That's why we introduced our product over here and our desire is to free up time and spend more time with their kids. This product has a lot of different desires the best from Vue if tested is just four months specifically as you can see it's just as a busy parent for them to free up their time spend more time with their kids. You guys may have or may not have seen my previous ads but this winning ad over here is sort of the third iteration of previous existing best ads already before I tell you why this one did the best let me show you what we used to do. Before that, this was one of our first fitting ads and it was a comparison ad. This was lower down in the funnel in the product-aware stage. Product-aware stage meaning people already know about humidifiers, they just don't know which one is the best. All you need to do is tell people why your brand is the best. All we need to do, product comparison ad, other humidifier issues, hours, none of that. Now we know that this angle is doing the best already just telling people why ours is the best. Great, the thing with product the wear stages is it's slower than the funnel which means you can't really scale as hard for it. I think you will do it. No, we did do a few million dollars per month with this ad alone but scaling further you need to go upper in the marketing funnel to more unawares staged audiences where there's more people there. Okay, we know this one is the best already, what did we do next? We know that desires to keep their child healthy and safe. So the next reading ad we had was this influencer video. This one we actually didn't give created any creative direction. We just found a creator that was already in our niche. They were a mom. So this one we ventured higher in the marketing funnel into a problem aware market. Why? The desire is to free up time and spend more time with their kids. Same as the current best performer. This one even the hook starts with parenting must-haves. Easy to clean humidifier if if you have a kid. Very mom focused, more problem aware. Okay, now that we had this second best winning ad, the thing is it was a raw influencer video, meaning this person didn't think of putting this as an ad, she just wanted to film it for her social audience. What we did is we created an iteration of it, we took whatever did the best from here, the problem aware stage, the desire, why it did well, we broke it down and we recreated it with our own clips. So for this video over here, we added more clips to make it more relevant when she was speaking. Instead of just influencers talking to the camera, there are relevant clips to show whenever we are talking about a specific point, and we use an AI voiceover for this. That's why this edit so well, because we took elements of what already worked the best, and the core desires are the same, or in the stages all the same. So how do you actually go about creating winning ads like this then? Good question. So we're gonna go over my framework of how to create Facebook ads that scale like crazy. Your first step is always your research. The brand that understands their customers the most wins. There's a few ways people like to do customer research. I would say do it as much as possible, whatever method you can have. There's a few ones that I like the most. The first one being a tool called Shulix. What Shulix is, it's a tool that scripts Amazon reviews. So over here you have an Amazon listing. You can use Shulix, it breaks all of it down. Okay all of all the reviews it's seen. What are the pros, what are the cons, what are people using it for. Good ones for example, the pros are easy to use. Great. Now in your ad you can highlight how it's easy to use or your cons. Let's say your competitors products are have poor suction. your product, you can just say good suction, something like that, which is similar to our previous comparison ad over here that did very well. All we did was just say why ours was the best. It's cool. Next few steps you want to do for customer research, go through your customer reviews and ad comments. It's pretty straightforward. Look at your ads, look at what people are saying on the reviews. Very important. People can over look it for some reason. The next one is watch content on on TikTok and YouTube that your target audience watches. So for example, we are here on TikTok now. I looked at a video for a humidifier. Look at whichever video had the most engagement. Take a look at it. Most importantly, you wanna be taking a look at the comments. What are people saying? For example, this one says mold and mildew. This one says mold again, skincare. Okay, all these are great target angles that you can go after. I say mold and mill do you cool? Going back to our sheet. Why do people want a humidifier that's easy to clean? So there's no more than me do. Okay, we already know that for add over here The issue is that cleaning your humidifier To prevent mold takes a long time, which is what we started off with as a busy parent. There's a realistically If you're a parent you have a lot enough shit trying to take care of your kid already this shouldn't be one, which is why this ad did so well compared to the others. All right, besides that the last one is an Atra. You guys may have seen a tool called Foreplay as well. Atra is the same thing, we like it much better. All it is, it's a sort of an ad spy tool. You can search whatever brands you like. Let's say you want to look at cutscloting. Such a cutsc, you can see all the ads that you have ran, you can sort by longest running. Usually the ads that that has ran the longest are your best ads. But it's really good for inspiration. We have tried literally just imitating the ads from, let's say a board like this, it's never worked well. Take inspiration but don't copy. You can try it whenever we did, it didn't work well. You need to put out whatever is unique to your brand. But the way it's presented, image style, those are fine. People like me, I'm not the very creative person. So it helps a lot trying to bring my ideas to life. Cool. Next point, your planning. Now that you have your research done, how do you actually plan out some winning ads? We don't want to just spam test. We want to create winning ads. Because each winning ad, for example, might be able to help you scale double, triple, ad KPI. If you're focused on that, it's much better than just spitballing or whatever you found that looks cool. So before you launch an ad, you need to know what is the market awareness I'm targeting. and what are the desires. So over here, for each app we have, we know the awareness stages, the desires. This way you can actually break down why the app did well. Some people on Facebook ads, they take a look at metrics like CTR, CPM, hook rate, et cetera. And those are cool to look at. It's just not very reliable because it's very easily manipulated. If you've ever seen an ad account with very high CPMs, usually the CTR is very high. Some people will think that, Oh, this ad is great, because CTL is very high. But it didn't convert, so the metrics in that case not really relevant then. You're breaking down the variables of the ad based on the awareness stages and the desires this way. Much, much better. Make sure that you have each ad concept planned in the sheet, along with the awareness stages and desires for each of them. This way, you can actually keep track of the variables which one is working the best. Third step, execution. Now if you're all planned out, you know how it wants to look like, how do you actually make it look good? Me, as I said, I'm not a very creative person. If I made the ad, it'll look like I did it on Microsoft Paint. I don't think my team want me to do that, so there's a few things we use to make our ads really pop. So for people like me, if I wanna create study ads, I use templates from Creative OS or Creative Donut. So what these are, let me show you. What Creative OS is, It's basically a whole library of static templates. Over here, they just kind of pull from templates that the other top brands are using. So they already look really good. All you need to do is go in here, change the headline, change the image. And this way, you can actually make good looking ads, and that turns me into graphic designer now. Pretty good, and as for your videos, if you want inspiration for how the video should look like, that's where HR comes in as well. It's a good tool to look at inspiration for how to arrange your ideas. And just for the execution point of things, the next one is your learnings. A lot of brands, even HFIG up a year, brands I've spoken to, if I ask them, okay, actually, for the edge of Tesla in the past month, what actually did well and why did it do well? They can really give me a good answer besides just speculating, oh, because the hook isn't that good, wow. Okay, that's cool, but the thing is, you keep doing the same things over and over again and you expect different results. how are you going to scale this way? Which is why when you actually need to be learning, it's very important. Have a feedback loop like this so that you always learn. So for each ad you have, note down the desires, the awareness stages, the messaging that worked. And I want you to have it in a sheet. For us, let me show you. Each ad we have planned out is inside a sheet like this. So let's say we have ad number one. We say, okay, why do we think it's going to do well, the desires and whatnot, what are we trying to target? How confident and how easy it is to create. This way you know what to prioritize. After we have the ad tested already, we note down it's losing ad, all the winning ad, and why. This way, okay, if it's losing ad, chances are most of your ads are gonna be losing ads, you can learn from it to avoid the same thing. Or if it's a winning ad, great. Now you can figure out what about it did so well so you can repeat it. This way you actually learn and you're gonna increase your winning ad rate a whole ton. The last one is just your iterations. Not that you already have a good winning ad, how do you actually improve upon it, create more of them? I would only recommend iterating on an ad concept that's already doing well. There's a few things we can test out, different hooks, different benefits, different personas, like in this example I showed you over here, right? So this winning ad is the third version of winning ads from this initial add concept over here. We took the learnings, okay iterate whole and concept based on what we've learned. Okay second one already winning add again iterate based on what we know does the best and then we came about to our new best winning add. So this give me a give you a simple breakdown of how you want to create iterations like this. Okay most importantly each ad concept you test you'll need three variations to it. Let's say you were to test ImageAd, you can have three variations where the headline is the same just different images you're using. This way a lot of people they spend a lot of money on their ads. Let's say you want to create a UGC ad right you spend a few hundred dollars on a creator to create it. It didn't do well and then you just kind of shoot it down. The thing is it might have done well it's just your hooks are bad So having it test with three different variations gives it the best chance of performing. Okay, so we test it this way. Three variations. I like to start with your images or the video hook first. That tends to have the biggest impact. Let's say this test over here. Test three images first. You find out okay, headline one, image one did the best. What's next? Now you can test different headlines. Okay, same image for the next three variations, just different headlines. Okay now I found headline 3 at image 1 is the best based on the iterations I've tested. I have a new best performance now. Okay so a lot of other things you can test as well besides just the headline image. You can test the benefits or the video hole. A video hole refers to the video. So the video hook is the first 3 seconds of the video. Video hole is the rest of the video and the benefits in the video or the benefits on the image itself. The last one you can test is the persona. This one is later down the line when you already have a good concept that's working well. So let's say you have a video ad that's working well with a white woman. Okay, you found the best variations around it. Now you can test it instead of a white woman. Have a black woman recreated, an Asian woman recreated. This way you hit different targets, different pockets of audiences. But this is the breakdown of how you want to create winning ads that can scale to a million dollars per month. Hopefully, this gives you guys a lot of value. This is the exact process we use for all of our clients and how we scale multiple clients to $1 million per month.