One of these Facebook ads has made over 128,000 at a 13x return on ad spend. Today I'm going to give you a creative strategy masterclass on what systems we use at the agency to create winning ads like this that scale like crazy with much less stress. So if you guessed correctly among all these three ads, this ad over here was our best performing ad. And I'm going to break down on why it did well. We're going to break down the marketing behind it and some things that why it did well. So first off the bat, the only difference between these three images is the graphic we use, basically the product image. As you can see, they're all three different. And let me tell you why I first wanted the best. So the first one is the only one that shows the product actually in use. The middle one doesn't even show the function of it, and the third one shows the function but it's not in use. As you couldn't already tell, the main function of this product is that it has zippers. And it's mainly meant for kids, so it's easy for them to put it on. The image in the middle, does it really show the zipper function? It shows the zipper, but it doesn't really show how it works. The third one shows the zippers in use, but there's not a person putting it on. So the first image, first of all, it's an eye-catching shoe design. Secondly, it actually shows like a kit putting on and third it shows them actually using the product and putting it on their feet. And that's one of the main reasons of why this ad did so well, but there's a lot more that goes into it. So let me break it down by the core marketing principles. We're looking at awareness stages and the desires. So what are these? So there's a framework we'd like to use at the agency on how to recreate ads. That's quite crazy. So the first step we need to know is our research. So the way that we made this ad is we went through our customer reviews and we found that hey a lot of people like to use this product for their kids and one reason why it stood out of course it helps them put it on easier but it actually doesn't look like a shoe meant for helping you put it on like it looks like a regular ass shoe it's fashionable So it's all our headline words. Easy on, easy off shoes, step up kids fashion. Because although we want our kids to put on their shoes easier, maybe they have a disability or what not, we don't want them to look very, we don't want them to stand out in the bad way. So it looks like a regular shoe, with good nice fashion. So that's the first step. The next step is our planning. So before we we launched the ad, we needed to know what was the market awareness and what was the desires we are targeting over here. So what are market awareness stages and what are desires? Desires are just demands in the market. You cannot create a desire. You can only channel the desire onto your product. What are awareness stages? Awareness stages is just how well people know about your type of product in the market. So our awareness stage here is unaware. What unaware means is that people haven't heard of this solution before or they don't even know that they have this problem. Why would this be on a very market? The reason being is most parents, they know their kids take some time to put on their shoes but it's not something that they really think about. So we just presented this shoe, easy on, easy off shoes, product in use, it's pretty straightforward on what it shows and the desire is to help their kid get ready themselves fast. I'm sure if you are a parent, I don't think you want to be helping your kids put on their shoes all the time, or let's say if you're late to like an event or function. Waiting for your kid to put on their shoes isn't really the best idea. It can take some time, especially some kids don't know how to tie their shoelaces. So this ad was meant for an unaware audience to help their kid get ready by themselves fast, cool. And for the execution of it, now that you know what out of ad you're on target, the research, the desires, how do you actually make it look good? A simple solution especially for static ads we'd like to use is Creative OS. What Creative OS is, it's basically a bunch of Figma templates of static ads. All you need to do is just copy this into your Figma and then you can just you know plug and play your images, your headlines like for me. I am not a graphic designer. If I want to create something from scratch it will not look good so this is an easy way first execute it and make sure that it looks good. Cool. The next step is your learnings is what we are doing now. Why did this ad do well? Yes, one is because of the image because it's really good but other things like for example this product is one of the first of its kind and it solves a specific problem and why we chose it to be an underwear market is because it's a new product not say very new most people don't know about it already so just showing them the product and what it does will usually do very well for this type of product and of course image we chose is perfect shows the solution to the problem most parents don't think about but this all the time which is their kids having difficulties putting on their shoes or taking way too long and And there are solutions out there like Kizics if you've seen those products before but those don't really have like nice good designs for kids. They are like in black in gray very boring colors but if you see like kids shoes kids clothes they are usually very outstanding they're very fun very playful. The last thing also is how we present it. We chose to use a press image app for this ad. A press image which ad is a great way to show, add social proof to whatever you're presenting even if it's an underwear market, even if it's a product to wear market which means that people already know the product, they usually say why this one is better no matter which desires you're on target press add is a good way to just add social proof to it especially since we are targeting parents you will need social proof to get them to trust your brand However, it's not the case where social proof ads like this always do the best. For example, if you're selling fashion products, maybe just a lifestyle image will do the best. Let's say if you're selling like a skincare product, right, skincare, for people to trust you in skincare, there's a lot of skincare products out there already. If you make a new claim, it's harder for people to believe in you. So a good way to get them to believe you more is to have a social proof. say it's my Forbes or whatever other publication there is. Cool. So this is why this ad did so well. But now that we have this winning ad, what do we actually do with it? The last step is to have some iterations on it. So this is how I like to think of our iterations. Let's say for whatever ad concept you have, let's say it's the initial press image ad concept. I start off with these three. Whenever I test, I like to have three variations. Let's say the first test I do is an image test. Why we do an image test is because images tend to have the biggest impact to your ads. For statics, it'll be an image, and as for videos, it'll be your hook clip. Hook clip means it's the first three seconds of your video. So the first batch, I will test different images. For example, this one over here. It has these three images. Everything else is exactly the same. Okay, next I already know hey, let's say V1 over here with image 1 is the best performing image The next thing I would then test is a headline. Okay, let me test different lines for different angles Different desires and whatnot. I found that hey headline 3 with image 1 did the best This is our new best combination. What else can I test? I can test the benefits we put inside and the persona What persona means is basically just simple way to think of it is let's say it's your best performing static or video and it's by your white person Just have like a black person Recreated although the benefits are the same you're targeting a different persona now So after all of these iterations and whatnot we found that this version is actually our best at the same image but with a different headline and with a different Press graphic over here. It's by the leader now instead of this Daily news one So a lot of brands they tend to find winners, but they don't iterate on it enough And when you really have a winner, you don't really need to reinvent the wheel Should just keep reiterating on what already is doing the best Make sure that you have your learnings over here. Why it did well when it changes the desires This way not only can you iterate on what's already performing the best you can create new ad concepts that with your learnings over here And this is what your creative strategy should look like and this is how you make ads that scale like crazy much much more Simple with less stress. Hopefully you got some value out of this