If you're having issues scaling your Facebook ads, chances are you have a creative issue. So I'm gonna teach you how to create creatives that can scale up to 200k like these ones over here. So before I dive into this, I'm gonna play a game. So one of these Facebook ads here has made over 200,000 and the question is just which one. The only difference with these three videos is just the video hook, which is just the first three seconds of it. I'm gonna play it for you guys and you guys can sort of guess which one is the best and I'll tell you what Which one is the best and why it was the best? So let me go ahead with version one first Version two And now version three So for these three videos as I said only the video hook is different But what is different about it the first video hook it is this comment over here But there's also a headline that pops up over here And for the second video, there's no comment that pops up here. It just says the perfect hairdryer doesn't exist Also using this one And the third one is just the comment nothing else So I'm gonna show you guys which one did the best now to show you guys. Let me play it and it is drum roll The version just the text So now we're gonna break down why this video ad actually did the best compared to all the other ones I said this one is one of the simplest ones, it just has a hook, this comment over here. "How did you make those curls while someone is blow drying their hair?" Pink hair, very eye catching. But for the other videos, let's say video one for example, there was a headline and a comment. The second one was just a headline. But the comment itself did the best. Is it because comments do the best? Not particularly. I'll tell you why this ad did the best. But before we get into that, there's a few things we need to break down when you look at the ad. Before you actually can figure out why an ad did well, there's a few things you need to look at-- the awareness stages and desires. If you guys don't know what that is already, these are principles from the Breakthrough Advertising Book. If you guys haven't read it, highly recommend it. It will really help your ads a lot. After that, why did it do well? Okay, so the hook is the main reason it did well. Obviously, as I mentioned, bright pink hair looks pretty unhealthy. That's a dream outcome for the customers. But the other hooks also use the same pink hair girl. Why didn't those do as well? And I can tell you why. (upbeat music) Whenever you're selling a dream outcome to someone, Let's say you have close to make them look fitter, jewelry that makes them look better. Don't... I mean, you can as well. But if you can position it from another person's perspective instead of a first person perspective, it will do much better. What do I mean by that? From the first person's perspective, let's say I were to do something like a weight loss product. Maybe the first person perspective, you will be saying, I can't believe I lost so much weight. I feel like a new person now From other person's perspective it could be like my mother couldn't believe how much weight I lost. She thought I was using Drugs something like that I'm not sure which one of those sound more compelling to you, but maybe let me give you another example Let's say you were selling clothes That hug you to make you look a more attractive first person perspective you could be like these clothes make me look so good I feel like a million bucks that could work also But why do people want to look good? Is it really for themselves? Especially dudes? There you can say that the chances are it's always to get some girls. That's the deeper desire behind it What if we took it from other person's perspective? Let's say it was from a girl's perspective I can't believe how good my boyfriend looks now. I can't resist him Just an example if you look at brands like true classic cuts those type of brands This is what they leverage in this how they become eight figure nine figure prayer brands So do that for all of your creative and your positioning But on a deeper level as well the awareness stages and desires What the dose mean awareness stages is just how aware people are of your product Pretty straightforward. A solution away market refers to people who already know there are other products that can Satisfy their needs, but don't know exactly which one they want to go with Let's say they can get a hair color. They can go with a salon Etc. And the desire is to have effortlessly beautiful hair And Also besides that's the hook. Why did it do well? So we tested using UGC clips for the video hole, which is the rest of the video But we found actually you know showing more elevated content did do much better. And also it's a 15 second video, it's pretty fast-paced. Even for a, we wouldn't call it a high ticket, maybe this product is about 130 onwards. So not exactly super high ticket but a 15 second video can sell it very well as well. So ideally you don't need to drag it out too long your video, just get to the most important points that will keep your attention spent for customers much better. How would you go about recreating ads like this? Great question. This is how you create Facebook ads that scale like crazy. The first step is our research. You know, the brand that understands your customers the most wins. You have a million different clothing brands out there or million different hair dryer brands out there. How are you actually going to stand out? Ideally you do as much customer research as possible, but let me just show you some of my favorite few methods to get good customer research out. Alright, first step use a tool called Shulix to scrape Amazon reviews. What? Let me show you. So Shulix as I mentioned, it scrapes your Amazon reviews instead of having to go it manually. It's sort of this analysis for everything for you. This is very very helpful because you can take a look at a lot of different product reviews at the same time. Figure out the pros, the cons, what are they using it for? Very very helpful. Let's say you see the cons is poor suction. Maybe your product you can just say in the ad that the suction is good. Pros is easy to use. Mention in the ad how easy it is to use competitors. Very very helpful tool. You get a lot of information consolidated here. Besides that, go through your customer reviews and ad comments. Very simple one. No one really takes the time to do this. But it's the boring thing that actually moves the needle forward over here. So customer reviews, just take a look at them on your own side, on your own ad comments, etc. And watch content on TikTok and YouTube that your target audience watches. How do you know what your audience wants if you don't actually watch what they usually watch? Right? So take a look at it on TikTok, for example. How are they commenting? What are they commenting on? What type of videos go viral? Let's say for this video, okay? for hair. What are people saying? What does he remind me of this person? What does this person look like? Damon? Whatever. Hair give, elbow vibes? So it seems that from this TikTok comment research, people want to look like a celebrity, someone famous. Let's say if you're a third person, not a third person, but just another person for example, tell you, "Oh my gosh, this hair dryer gave my hair as a glow up, I look like this person, celebrity person now. Very different from you seeing it from yourself because at the end of the day people want to look good not really just for themselves right. It's just for you know compliments, validation from people, other people. That's one of the big desires you can go for. The last one is just using Atra. Atra is a ad spy tool. So over here it scripts a lot of ads. You can just search for whatever brand you want. Let's see you want to search for top brand doing well. Let's say you want to search for Dyson or whatever ad it is, click on it and it will show you the whole ad library for that brand. It's very very helpful to get inspiration as well. Not copying, just inspiration. That's the research done. The next one is your planning. We don't want to spam test a lot of different stuff. We want to focus on winning ads instead, to have quality over quantity. So before you launch an ad, you need to know a few things. One, the market awareness, and two, the desires. These are the core marketing fundamentals to each ad. If you don't know what they are for your ads, chances are you're gonna get cooked. If you don't really know what you're marketing to, who you're marketing to, it's hard to make it work. For us, we like to have all our ad concepts planned in the sheet with market awareness stages and desires for each of them. For example, we have it all in this sheet over here. Each ad we plan out, we put it over here, name, concept, why we think things can do well etc. That's your planning. The third step of course, most important one is your execution. The ideas are easy but the execution separates you from the rest. If you want a static ad, you can use templates from products like Creative OS or Creative Donut. So what those are, basically they give you a full Pigma template of creatives that has done well for other brands and they look really nice. For me, if I want to do graphic design for myself, they look like I just did it from Microsoft Paint. not the best idea, but at least with these templates, all you need to do is just plug in play. The templates are there, change your image, change your headline and you can become a graphic designer as well, like me. The next one is for videos use Aitra, the spy tool as I used to. See what other brands are originating their video ads. Don't copy what they are doing in terms of messaging, I just want to show you how they are actually arranging their ads. The last one is just calling out the customer making sure that you have benefits that align with their goals showcase the ideal outcome like we did for this hairdryer video over here. Ideal outcome, some have pretty good hair and very concise benefits in the rest of the video. Quick snappy as well. Learnings, you tested so many ads but if you don't learn from it what are you doing? If you have any new winning ad please note it down what is the performing desire, marketing awareness stages, maybe the personas and the overall angle and messaging as well. If it doesn't work, also you need to understand why it didn't work. Let's say you have 10 ads, only one ad worked, 9 ads didn't work. Hey, if you review the 9 ads that didn't work, moving forward, you can avoid making all the mistakes you did on the 9 ads. If you ask me, I think that's going to increase your winning rate significantly so make sure you're tracking. If you're not tracking, you're lacking. So close this feedback loop to avoid mistakes like this again. We do it all in this one sheet as well, winning ad, losing ad, the learning is all in here. Some people ask me to get access to this sheet but this sheet is only for our own internal clients and for consulting people as well. And the last one is just your iterations improving on your winning ad rate. So let's say you have a concept that did well already. All you need to do from there is just create different variations to improve upon it. So I'm gonna touch on this right now. What are the few things that you can test? So the iteration priority, the first one being the hooks or the imagery if it's an image. The headline of an image or the hook text refers to the first three seconds of the video whatever text is on there video hook the rest of the video after the hook benefits if it's an image and the persona. For the clip itself imagery you showcase has the biggest impact so let's say if you're to do an image at test right do an image at test you'll have three images we always test it at least in three different variations why sometimes you spend so much time and money on creating one ad it didn't do well maybe because only the headline didn't do well but if you change the different headlines, maybe it would have been your new winning ad. So doing this gives it the best chance of performing, and you can test out different angles and whatnot at the same time as well. So let's say if I start off testing the image, okay, V1 V2 V3, different images, same headline, I figured out okay, headline 1, image 1 did the best. How can I improve on it further? I know which image did the best, which headline did the best, next batch of iterations, okay. 1, 2, 3, same image just different headlines, I found that headline 3, image 1 did the best. Amazing, perfect. A few of the things you can test, persona as I mentioned, let's say the person in the video is a white woman, pink hair, maybe you can change it to someone with maybe an African-American person for example, just different personas, hit different pockets of audiences. But this video should cover pretty much the creative strategy that you will need to create opening ads hopefully you got some value out of this let me know