Ethical Persuasion Strategies For Branding, Marketing, and Copywriting

7 Figure Marketing Copy
Tried, Tested, & Proven [- maniacally powerful -]
Methods You Can Use to Quickly Craft
[-interesting, engaging, and profitable-] Marketing Copy

Written By Sean Vosler

v4.0

Feb. 2020

7FigureMarketingCopy.com
Specifically Designed For…

“Sean’s personally helped generate over $40m+
in Revenue for himself & clients utilizing
methods outlined in this guide.”
A SMART LEVERAGE GUIDEBOOK

✓ Entrepreneurs
✓ Online Product Marketers
✓ Marketing Agencies
✓ eCommerce Sellers
✓ Email Marketers
✓ Content Marketing

This Copy of 7 Figure Marketing Copy Has
Been Licensed Exclusively To…

And is not intended for distribution.
Please report unauthorized distribution to
legal@increase.academy for a financial reward.

Learn what makes your readers heart sing
and compose them a beautiful melody.

7FigureMarketingCopy.com

the.

methods.
section one

METHOD ONE
The Imitation Game
Learn How to Quickly Craft Engaging Copy
by Harnessing the Structure of Trending Content

METHOD TWO
Amazon R&D

Leverage the Power of The
Powerful Yet “Overlooked”
Part of Best Selling Books

METHOD THREE
COGNITIVE MANIPULATION
Controversial Yet Impossible to Ignore: How To Ethically
Harness The Built In Bias’ of Your Reader to Increase Sales

SECTON ONE: THE METHODS

5

METHOD FOUR
Community Arbitrage
Harness The Power of Community
to Create Lists of Benefits That Your
Leads Actually Care About

METHOD FIVE
Tried & True Formulas

Tried & True Easy to Use
Copywriting Formulas…
That You Can… Copy… heh.

METHOD SIX
Counterintuitive Copy Structure
“This structure alone has generated millions of
dollars in profits for myself and my clients.” - Sean Vosler

METHOD SEVEN
Teach, Transform, Transact
Teach a Man to Fish & You Can Sell Him Fishing Gear
6
SECTON ONE: THE
METHODS

METHOD EIGHT
THE HERO’S JOURNEY
You Are Not The Hero… Your Audience Is.
Harness Your Audiences Journey to Create
Novel Marketing Material

METHOD NINE
MARKETING ARCHETYPES
You might be an expert in your field,
but what kind of expert are you?

METHOD TEN
DATA WITH A SOUL
Balancing the Pathos, Legos, and
Ethos For Maximum Impact

METHOD ELEVEN
The Diamond of Persuasion
Make Them Cry. Make Them Buy.
5 Power Packed Persuasion Strategies
7
SECTON ONE: THE
METHODS

the.

madness.
section two

madness one
Sell Revelation / Deliver Gospel
How to deliver actionable value inside
every part of your marketing campaigns.

madness two
From A Mountain of Stone to a Golden Ring
Research Methodologies For Drafting
Marketing Copy & Cornerstone Content

madness three
Crafting The Golden Ring
The Act of Writing

SECTON TWO:8THE MADNESS

forward
From Sean Vosler

I Need Something From YOU
an admission…

Admit to yourself that the words of impact are already within you, the message you need to
share is ready to surface. All that is missing are the right tools (methods) and strategies that
I’ll be sharing in this guide. I’ve spent most of my adult life meticulously collecting these
methods, perfecting them with testing and guidance. They’ve served me well, and I know my
largest chances of positive impact lies in sharing them with the world; with you.

That’s why I compiled this guide
and that’s why I know it will help you succeed.

“Genius is the ability to put
into effect what is on your mind.”
- F. Scott Fitzgerald

9

forward
From Sean Vosler

There’s no right or wrong way to learn, but
there is a right and wrong way to teach.
The human brain has to be one of the most bizarre things in the universe. Why it works the way it
does we may never fully grasp scientifically, yet curiously enough we humans intuitively understand
much of the mind's methods and madness. “Common sense” you might call it. It’s our built-in ability to
feel someone's pain, even if we’ve never experienced it, it’s our desire to feel connected to others; our
natural distrust of the unknown, among thousands of other intuitive connections.
These common wisdoms, or universal experiences, are accessible by all cultures and backgrounds, they
seem to be at the core of what makes us human. Copywriting as a skill lives in that weird place
between the everyday “common sense” realm that we all “get”, and the dogmatic scientific world that
tries to put everything in neat little boxes. Science and testing may point us to write, persuade, or
connect in one way, where our gut might point us in another. The best copywriters know when to listen
to which voice, and this book is designed to help build your
instincts around which voice you should listen to, and in
The mediocre teacher tells.
which circumstance.
The good teacher explains.
The superior teacher demonstrates.
In putting this guide together its ebbed and flowed between
The great teacher inspires.
being a reference work, a collection of copywriting
― William Arthur Ward
“shortcuts”, and a personal ego fueled exposé of what I
think makes persuasion work. Perhaps it’s a bit of all three.
In what feels like the 7th version of the guide, I want to
present a new voice to help guide you through the different
sections. This “voice” is something of a narrator to help
guide you the information, taking it from a collection of
good ideas and strategies to a more cohesive step by step
approach to this thing we call copywriting.
In the world of film, they have a saying: “show, don’t tell”,
which is a rule I’m breaking here. Ideally, you’d just
experience the “guide” I mentioned above and be none the
wiser. Yet I’m “telling” you about it because it’s a valuable
lesson in itself, one that I had to learn the hard way.
The lesson? Not everyone learns the same way. “Duh” is
probably your default response, but for me, it was a hardearned realization; one that’s important for us as writers to
understand.

10

forward
From Sean Vosler

The first job of a copywriter is to understand.
Perhaps you are like me and learn by dumping a bunch of information on the table, moving it
around in different positions, stepping away from the puzzle, then coming back with a fresh
set of eyes to try and piece more of it together.
But most people aren’t.
And that’s ok.
Most people prefer a mapped out step by step list.
I dislike lists.
Something inside me enjoys making things
more complex than they need to be, to try
and make everything a puzzle that needs
to be solved. There are pros and cons to
both ways of learning.
One thing I am sure of though…
we don’t want to assume that everyone learns
just like us.
Funny enough, I found myself getting
peeved at people for “not getting it”
when they read certain parts of my
book. I gravitated towards positive
feedback from people who, looking back
I realize, were a lot like myself. They like the
puzzle, and they could make sense of the
way I arranged my content.
Neither way is exactly right or wrong, but I did
realize if I want this book to do its job and help as
many people as possible I need to implement more
guidance to the “puzzle”.
As I’ll discuss later in the book the act of “guidance” is especially
powerful in the world of copywriting.

11

forward
From Sean Vosler

We as writers are the guides who help lead the audience
to the promised land… to reach their end goal.
To help Frodo get the ring to Mordor.
To help Luke harness the power of The Force.
To guide the Avengers on their quest to find the Infinity stones.
Indeed our first job as ‘persuasion artists’ (fancy name for Copywriters) is to be a leader, a
mentor, and indeed a guide. Our audience, the person we want to “sell” something to,
needs to be much more than just a target.
They need to be our hero.
The person we’re rooting for to succeed.
Who’s trials and pitfalls hurt us when we see them stumble.
Indeed they must become our greatest hope, and we - their greatest ally.
They are on a journey… and with any journey, there is a mess of good and evil that will show
up at unexpected times.
The better we get at teaching our hero how to overcome the evil and better identify the
good, the better we as guides will be at reaching our end goal. That goal? To give our hero
what they desire… even (and especially) if they don’t know what that is yet.
As for the title of this guide - “7 Figure Marketing Copy”... YOU are my hero, and what do I
want to give you as your guide? I want to give you all the tools and
strategies I can to help you write copy that can
potentially generate millions in sales.
Even if your end game isn’t millions, the skills of a
good copywriter (persuasion artist) are very
similar to the skills shared by the best
entrepreneurs, influencers, and leaders in any
field. The skills will help shine a light on what
makes the human mind tick.

12

forward
From Sean Vosler

How the sections of this guide are broken down.
Methods - These are designed to help you learn & practice the foundational rules
behind persuasive copy; indeed you can’t break the rules (the fun part of
copywriting) till you understand them. Each lesson will have a “learning objective”
and a set of information that will help us grow in our understanding.
Examples - Weaved into the lessons will be examples of how the technique is used
within different types of marketing, giving you specific use cases that both help
illustrate the point and give you a reference to refer to with your own projects.
Exercises - As with any skill you must practice to get better. The exercises in this
guide are designed to help you experience the different processes you will go
through as you craft your copy. On their own, each exercise may not feel like it
entirely fits into the big picture, but combined they represent all the pieces you need
to write exceptional copy.
As we weave in and out of lessons and exercises I need you to be sure to take a step
back and look at the big picture of what we’re looking to accomplish. As mentioned,
it’s not just about learning how to write persuasively, it’s about unlocking our ability
to help our audience - to bring them out of the darkness and into the light. To fight
for them, to push them, to pull them, to help them become the best version they can
be; all in relation to the product or service we’re persuading them to purchase.

Before we dive into the first set of lessons and exercises let’s examine
why copywriting is so important and why it deserves our time and
attention to learn it.

13

the guide…

Live a life that lends itself
to not needing an introduction.

You have an amazing product/service, or an idea for one. Or
maybe you fall into the category of the service provider, and
your job is to craft copy for your clients. You may be seeing a
measurable level of success! Kudos to you if that’s the case.
Regardless of where you are, there’s always room to improve.
The techniques mapped out in this guide have helped me
and many others to create six and seven figure marketing
campaigns; I’m so thrilled you’ve invested in yourself by
picking up a copy.
This guide is designed for individuals familiar with marketing
fundamentals, however, anyone who has a desire to make an
impact with their words will benefit.
To get the most out of this guide view it less as a step by step
manual and more as a flexible framework. One to pull up
when you’re starting to create an ad, an email, a video, sales
page, or really any piece of marketing that needs to catch
someone’s attention. We’ll be exploring many different
perspectives on writing effective marketing, from the
practical formulas of advertising greats to the mythical
foundations of universal human stories… It’s all designed to
saturate your writing world with what matters.
I’ve broken it out into four sections, the first is an overview of
several tactical approaches to writing copy, the second a
more overall strategic approach to compiling different pieces
of copy. The third is a walkthrough of the mechanics of how
different copy pieces work together, and lastly you’ll find a
section focused on helping you capture your vision; the
fleeting foundation of what drives you as an entrepreneur.

14

At first I was afraid…
You could say, I was petrified.
That I couldn’t write copy without a proper
guide.
I spent so many nights, writing things I knew
were wrong.
But I grew strong.
I had known how to write all along…

syntax
a word on…

a quick clarification before we dive in

Marketing, Copywriting, Communication, Sales…
In this guide I’ll sometimes interchange the term “marketing” and “copywriting”, though both are quite different in strict
terminology, their goals are heavily intertwined. The end goal of both is more sales for you and we will benefit by not
getting to get too tangled up in semantics. You may find that I refer to your “reader”, your “audience”, your “target”; all of
which are similarly interchangeable.
Marketing means a lot of things to different people, and copywriting itself is a term that’s been often replaced by
“communication pieces”, “audience conversation” or other sensual nonsense. Again our concern is their end goals, and
the definitions can morph over time. To the new business owner ‘marketing’ may be seen as an important but often
sidelined part of their business. To the experienced business owners and entrepreneurs ‘marketing’ is understood as
the lifeblood of the business. It’s the tools brings in qualified leads and turns those leads into happy customers… and a
business without customers isn’t a business it’s a hobby.
I like to think of marketing and copywriting as an influential sales person in my, and my clients, business. As such we
need to give it the best tools we can, as you would with an eating and breathing sales person.

BRANDING

MARKETING

In short…

YOUR
OFFER
YOUR
MESSAGE

COPYWRITING

SALES

It’s about building a connection between your reader, your brand, and what you're selling. One that is
built on trust; trust that is developed by posing an (1.) argument, (2.) proving it correct, and then (3.)
delivering on the promised result your product or service was designed to fulfill.

Why Copy Is King
The #1 Entrepreneurial Skill

preface
Let’s see why quality marketing copy is often the missing
key to converting any business idea from fiction to reality…
16

the first sale.
The first sale is a crucial vote of confidence your audience gives you with their bank account.
If you're facing this obstacle chances are you're most likely lacking in this skill
... It's the one skill that drives almost every dollar made online and off.
... It's the one skill that can transform a run-of-the-mill business into a wealth generating machine.
... It's also the one skill that many veteran entrepreneurs would confess is the toughest to master.
I never blame anyone for struggling with it.
It's not a skill that is taught in school or often prioritized in college.

Confession time
and this is a confession you won’t often hear from an
online marketer…
17

Confession…
Even though this skill generates the most money in my business, in reality, I'm not a
"professional" at it in the traditional sense.
I learned this skill out of necessity, not out of desire.
One of my biggest regrets is not learning it sooner.

Most people think it's skills like …
• Networking
• Advertising
• Social Media
• Money management
• Branding
• Leadership
… are the most important entrepreneurial skills.
While these are important skills in their own way,
they're relatively easy to outsource or master.
✍ So what is this ‘always in demand’ profit skill? The one almost all successful
business owners will admit is (at least in part) responsible for their success?

copywriting.
18

Specifically, sales copywriting...
Copywriting is the act of writing text for the purpose of advertising or other forms
of marketing. The product, called copy, is written content that aims to increase brand
awareness and ultimately persuade a person or group to take a particular
action. But copywriting is so much more than the academic definition.

I'll add to that...
Copywriting is the most profitable skill I’ve ever
learned. Every serious entrepreneur ought to
understand its principles if they want to reach their
most audacious goals.
19

Yet, copywriting
seems to be the one
business skill that's
riddled with… well, riddles.
This guide is designed to teach you how to solve the copywriting riddle, and take
the headache, and heartache, out of writing marketing copy.
I'll also hand you a copywriting method I've developed that's saved me countless
hours, and I know will help you write killer content about your product or service.
Quick clarification before we continue.
I’m not a professional copywriter.
That’s good news! Because you don't have to be one either…
You read that right, copywriting is a skill I use; but it doesn't make me a copywriter.
I guess you could say I run a marketing agency, but I usually tell folks who ask that
I'm an investor. Not in a "financial investor" kinda way, I mean I've adopted
their MINDSET around making business decisions. I also often create equity deals
with my clients, but that’s another guide for another day.
You see, what I invest in are the skills that make myself and my clients the highest
return on the time I spend learning them.
… I’ve learned how to build highly complex marketing funnels that have generated
well over $40,000,000 in profits.
… I’ve learned how to create and edit high-quality videos. (I even have my own
studio)
… I’ve learned how to design and structure great sales pages (graphics, and the tech
- yes I built the page you’re on now.)
… I’ve learned how to set up incredibly intricate auto webinar systems, with dynamic
follow up email and advertising sequences.
With one webinar having over 1M Views & 8 figures in sales.

here’s the point…
NONE OF THOSE SKILLS, and I really mean NONE OF THEM, can shake a stick
at compare with the staggeringly profitable results copywriting skills can generated.
For many of my clients I’ve become the most profitable "division" of their business
mainly because I'm better able to leverage their audiences with my copy strategies
than they can. Which brings them a healthy return on their “investment” in me.

You can be a great funnel developer, video
producer, freelancer, graphic designer, “ecommerce-marketer”, or agency owner...
But, if you can’t persuade people to actually
buy your stuff (or your client's stuff)...
well... you’re screwed.

21

21

in fact…

22

All major product failures I've seen over
the years had less to do with the product,
and more to do with their producers
inability to communicate its value.

Quality copy is almost always LACKING substance.
Especially early on in the products life cycle.
So, what’s the key to solving the copywriting riddle?
If you dread copywriting as much as most do you must learn how to leverage copywriting
methods to help you craft it QUICKLY and EFFECTIVELY. This will also afford you the needed
practice to master the skill itself over time!
I'm not just talking about "fill in the blank" templates, though they can be useful, I'm
referring to methods of deconstructing marketing that's already working and apply the
strategy to your own marketing assets... along with taking strategies used for hundreds
of years and systematize them into your business.
In short...
If you learn how to follow and create copywriting methods &
frameworks you won't always have to rely on
"guessing" if your marketing will work.
Mastery of copy will also afford you
more time and money to focus on
improving your product and delivery.

Let’s get started by exploring copy methods…

copywriting

METHODS
We start by examining the tools.
Practicing the movements.
Perfecting our methods…

methods preface

Why Methods First…
why practicing fundamental actions before learning all the nuanced
principles within a subject is the most effective way to learn
What’s the best way to learn? This deceptively simple

need a clear understanding of how the different pieces of the

question haunted me while putting together this book. Is it

car work, along with a broad understanding of ‘why’ you

better to just ‘tell’ you how to improve your copy, perhaps

need to follow certain rules and when. But you don’t need to

through detailed explanations of the data behind

understand how the car mechanically works unless you plan on

persuasion? Or is it best to ‘show’ you examples of copy that

being a mechanic.

works and copy that doesn’t? Or, perhaps, it’s best to just
explain how I do it personally. Point is, there’s a lot of
different ways to learn, and just as many different ways to
teach… and there are pros and cons to all of them.
I’ve slowly collected stacks and stacks of books on the
subject of learning & teaching, because, well, understanding
“how to teach” is incredibly valuable. If I can effectively hand
you the tools to write better copy, I’ve accomplished the
mission of this book. To do that I need to best understand
how to best share them with you! Learning how to do this
effectively has driven many revisions of the structure of this
guide, and completely changed how I look at both the
learning and teaching process in general (I definitely
underestimated how difficult a job my teachers had.).
Not to spoil the surprise but here’s what it all boils down to...
most everyone learns better through action vs. just taking in
information. Active learning goes beyond just memorization
or comprehension of information, it gives you the needed
experience to transform that information into practical
strategies. Put more tastily, making a cake is the best way to
learn how to make a cake… book knowledge of the recipe will
only get you so far.

A “working knowledge” of how to drive will get you from
point A to point B, however, there is a deeper level of
knowledge that sparked the second part of this book - a
whole half that I at first did not consider adding because,
well, action is the key to learning… right? Mostly right.
The most important take away from this book isn’t just how
to write better copy; though that is what it will give you if all
you do is examine the “methods”. The bigger goal is to give
you access to the deeper principles behind what makes great
copy fundamentally work. By doing so you won’t create soul
from a place of wrote memory, but from the genius that’s
created by complete immersion into a subject. I’ve designed
the three sections after ‘the methods’ to give you just that.
The methods are designed with specific steps and
techniques to get you “on the road” as fast as possible. Follow
these steps and do the exercises, even if you’re not actively
working on a specific piece of marketing. These early “wins”
will help you stay motivated on your journey to learn and
create copy that sells. Once we get you driving, which can
happen rather quickly, you can reference these methods
regularly as you create, then we’ll move onto the ‘mechanics’
of copywriting, the arts of persuasion… and last but not least

The process is straight forward: 1. Follow a set of step by step

I will share with you how to take these skills even further

instructions, 2. Create something, 3. Review what you’ve

into the world of product development and refinement; a

created by referencing it against examples and ideally get

holistic approach to creating value in both your marketing

feedback on what you’ve created*.

and what you’re selling.

This is why I’m starting the book with the ‘action’ learning

Action first! Let’s get to it…

parts first instead of a blanket break down of the different
parts of copywriting, or it’s history, or my story. The
introduction you just made your way through was designed
to inform you about WHY copywriting is so important; what
it means to you personally, and the following “Methods” are
designed to show you HOW to do the actions of writing copy.

“We have to continually be jumping off cliffs
and developing our wings on the way down.”

The WHY & HOW of any subject is just about as deep as most
people need to go to apply a skill. To learn how to drive you

24

* For active feedback on your work don’t hesitate to post it for review24
in the members area or our Facebook group!

- Kurt Vonnegut

method

The Imitation Game

part 1 - the headline

Quickly Craft Engaging Copy by Harnessing
the Structure of Trending Content
25

Becoming a Collector of Inspiration
As I mentioned early in the introduction, I’m not a professional copywriter by trade. This is
good news for you as it shows that really anyone can create effective copy that gets results.
But where do we start, and how can we cut down on the time it takes to learn?

“…great poets imitate and
improve, whereas small
ones steal and spoil.”
- W. H. Davenport Adams

Imitation & Adapting Vs. Creating From Scratch
Copywriting, like most creative exercises, has been around for generations. In time and with
experience you will hone your ability to create copy from scratch, but at the start (and many
times when we lack inspiration) we’ll want to turn to the power of imitation.
Some might call imitation “an easy way out”, and in a way it is, but more importantly it's building
upon what’s already working. Innovation can only happen after you’ve established a creative piece
to work with.
We may start with a headline (or hook) that imitates, but from there we can adjust it to fit the
mood, audience, and subject we’re writing about.

structure
The goal is to create a form for our
copy FIRST than Fill In The _______.
26

“Imagination is the source of
every form of human
achievement. And it's the one
thing that I believe we are
systematically jeopardizing in
market to
the way we educate our
audience
children and ourselves.”
Sean Vosler
― Sir Ken Robinson
I want to double down on an opinion; imitation is not copying when done correctly & in good
faith. There appears to be a fine grey line between the two, and where you draw it separates
plagiarism from potential genius.
The logical progression in developing any skill, copywriting & marketing included, goes like
this: First, learning the basics & terminology, Second; imitation of others in style and form,
perfecting the basics and exploration of the advance; then and only then does one have the
tools they need for “spontaneous” production.
No matter what field someone is in they are constantly building upon the work & discoveries
of others. Scientist don’t start from scratch when they design an experiment, artists (arguably)
don’t spontaneously manifest art; they pull from years of practice and emulation of others.
Same too in literature and film, with too many examples to site just one. So, if you find yourself
cringing at the word “imitation” remember, it’s about learning as much as it is about doing.
Rome wasn’t built in a day, neither will our writing & persuasion skills be perfected quickly.
You can’t have innovation without a touch of imitation and a dash of imagination.

forming headlines exercise

start with what’s working
Write A Brief

Step #1 Take out a piece of paper, at the top write a brief description of

what you want your reader to gain from reading your piece, and
what they should be inspired to do by the end.

Example: My objective for this email is for the reader to be inspired
to register for a webinar that’s selling my course on XYZ, I want
them to see the pitfalls that befall those who don’t take XYZ action.

Research

Step #2 Visit popular aggregation websites like digg.com, reddit.com,

TIP: Many sites will let you sort
by trending topics or articles.

news.google.com, medium.com, buzzfeed.com, cracked.com

hat
T
s
e
dlin
a
e
tion
H
n
r
e
o
t
F
t
Dig
ur A
o
Y
e
ur
Capt

28

forming headlines exercise

start with what’s working

Step #2 continued… Here are a few examples from the sites
Research

mentioned. Focus less on what’s being said, and more on
how it’s structured.

Examples of Headlines From “Trending” Sites…

Focus less on what’s being said,
and more on how it’s structured.

structure
The goal is to create a form for our
copy FIRST than Fill In The _______.
29

forming headlines exercise

analyze & formulate

Step #3

EXAMPLE

Formulate

Next we want to rewrite the headlines of trending topics imitating
the style of the headlines but use your subject matter. I’ve found
actually writing them out in the style we’re imitating without a
subject can help as well.

What it says: “The Man Who
Perfected The Laugh Track”
Structure we can imitate:

“The [noun] Who
Perfected The [topic]”
30

forming headlines exercise

analyze & formulate

Step #4
Develop

If you’re new to this it can be helpful to spend a few moments
analyzing “why” the headline works. Is it stoking curiosity? Is it
confirming a belief? Is it opening a loop in our readers mind? What
is it that captured our attention in the first place?

What it says: “The Man Who
Perfected The Laugh Track”

“The [noun] Who
Perfected The [topic]”

What captured our attention
Q. in the first place?
“The [noun] that perfected the [topic].” Works on a few different levels. First it’s a
strong statement to say something was perfected, most of us would be
interested in learning how it was perfected; especially if it’s in our field of
expertise. We may be skeptical but interested enough to see if the writer can
justify the claim.
The action the headline is inspiring is to investigate a big claim. If the rest of our
copy persuades the reader that we’re correct, then our headline did it’s job!
31

forming headlines exercise

analyze & formulate

Step #5 Next we want to adapt the structure around our own topic. For this

example we will use an audience of real-estate agents, and a
product about short selling properties… specifically we’ll be leading
them to a case study where our agent increased sales 4x.

What it says: “The Man Who
Perfected The Laugh Track”

“The [noun] Who
Perfected The [topic]”
“The [Real Estate Agent] Who
Perfected The [Short Sale]”

The ‘noun’ becomes our target
audience, our ‘topic’ reflects our product
we’ll be introducing to that audience.
32

forming headlines exercise

expanding to “feed the need”

Step #6
Expand

Now we can expand upon the topic, adding a bit more spice and
BENEFIT to the topic. It’s important here to think about our reader,
what’s in it for them (benefit) if they continue on reading our material?

Structure

What it says: “The Man Who
Perfected The Laugh Track”

“The [noun] Who
Perfected The [topic]”

Expand

“The [Real Estate Agent] Who
Perfected The [Short Sale]”
“Meet The [Real Estate Agent] Who
Perfected The [Short Sale], and Learn How
it 4x’d His Agency’s Profits in 6 Months”
What’s in it for them if they continue on reading our material?

Modifier = End Result + Time Frame
33

forming headlines exercise

expanding to “feed the need”
more examples…
“Meet The [Real Estate Agent] Who
Perfected The [Short Sale], and Learn How
it 4x’d His Agency’s Profits in 6 Months.”
Modifier = End Result + Time Frame

“The (Astonishingly Simple) Reason [Real
Estate Agents] Often Ignore [Short Sales], and
How Many Miss Out On 400% Higher Profits.”
Modifier = Fear of Loss

“New Scientific Approach is Teaching [Real
Estate Agents] How to Unlock The Secret
Power of [Short Sales]… Without
Cannibalizing Their Core Real Estate Offers .”
Modifier = Fear of Change

“Real Estates Bleak Outlook In Three
Charts and Why Short Sales Just Might
Be The Simple Solution Agents Need.”
Modifier = Fear of Unknown + Hope
34

Headline Starter Inspiration
“This is the closest we’ll ever get to…”

“Avoiding The Many Pitfalls of…”

“An Elegant Demonstration Of…”

“(testimonial) Free’s Himself From…”

“Understanding My Obsession With…”

“Allow Me to Re-Introduce…”

“The Unique Way XYZ Treats ZYX”

“America’s Obsession With XYZ - But…”

“The Mysterious Life & Death of XYZ”

“XYZ Is A Relatively New Problem”

Example Headline Benefit Modifiers
“… and How XYZ Saved More Time & Money By Making This Small Change.”
“… and Why Now More Than Every XYZ is Becoming More Common Place.”
“… and What You Can Do To Change XYZ So You Can Enjoy More Freedom.”
“… and What They Did to Increase Profits At The Same Time.”
“… and Why You’re Missing Out on XYZ if You’re Not Embracing The Change.”

Attention Grabbing Headline = “Audience Identifier” + “Hook” + “Benefit”

35

In Short…
The first thing they read is the headline, you have
about the length of a hug to grab their attention.
Make sure your headline accomplishes at least one of the following…

CAPTURE ATTENTION

INSPIRE THOUGHT

CONFIRM SUSPICION

CREATE INTRIGUE

PROMISE POWERFULLY

QUESTION REALITY

While also…
Inspiring the reader to explore the rest of your content.

never forget
Your readers are lost in a sea of
misinformation, often confused and unhappy.
Guide them confidently with your copy and
they will become a customer for life.

36

Practically Speaking
How to Transition From Our Headline to Our “Conversation”
"On the average, five times as many people read the headline as
read the body copy. When you have written your headline, you
have spent eighty cents out of your dollar.”
- David Ogilvy
Advertising tycoon, founder of Ogilvy & Mather,
and known as the father of advertising.

In this method we focused mainly on “how to generate an engaging headline”, but what can we do with this headline?
Even if it seem obvious, but let’s take a closer look at different ways to apply this method.
The·sis - /ˈTHēsis/ a statement or theory that is put forward as a premise to be maintained or proved.
Our headline/thesis is the point we’re going to be discussing in the rest of our copy. The structure of what follows
the headline is really going to depend on our medium. A blog post is going to be structured differently than an email,
and a sales page is going to differ from an advertisement. However there are going to be elements that are shared
between all of them. Let’s take a look at how we can build on our thesis with the goal of maximizing our
persuasiveness.
Structure of most persuasive content…
INTRODUCTION TO THE IDEA - Build upon your headline/thesis, focus on where the outcome (often called the
promise land) will take the reader. Answer the “I know you’re probably thinking…” questions your reader may have.
Build credibility with facts, figures, and quotes from reputable sources.
Keep it interesting… Keep an archive of articles, screenshots of chapter introductions, collections of quotes, things
that capture your attention. If you’re not sure if your introduction is interesting enough, post a part of it to your
social media channel of choice. Did it generate much engagement? If not, you may want to revamp. You can look at
ways to make it more shocking, something your reader didn't expect; be more revealing, share something that most
people would keep to themselves; be controversial, shake the pot a bit and call out a popular perspective as wrong.
Still not sure where to start? Here's an "introduction cheat-code":
You can start your intro with “Even if…” to go right for the jugular objection.
Headline leads to ~> Intro: “Even if you’ve found that XYZ hasn’t worked for you in the past, let me show you how a
simple change in perspective can make all the difference. Addressing a common objection at the beginning can both
entice the critic to keep reading, and reassure the believer that progress can be made… if they simply keep reading.

37

Continued…
"The jugular objection" - the single most common objection
to your point. The one, that if not addressed, will lose the
most people in your target audience. Your first step in
writing anything should be to identify and crush this
objection. Go for the jugular and you have a solid chance of
winning over even the strongest critic.
Illusory superiority, the above-average effect, the superiority
bias, the leniency error, and the primus interpares effect all are meant to define the same thing – most
people think they are better (or unquestionably different) than the average people. “Yea maybe for them, but…” is the
default response of our reader, even if it’s subconscious. With our “even if” introduction we are taking the
common objection away from our reader.
This insight into our readers will also will help us stop making assumptions about people’s need for our offer. If
everyone thinks they’re special and unique their initial reaction to any of our arguments is “It might work for them,
but it wont work for me.” Understanding this will help us craft better openings to our arguments, building a better
case for reading further.
A subtle goal we should keep in mind is that everything we right should, in some way, keep our reader engaged
and moving down the page.
“What’s important is that you start addressing a person’s objections before they even have a chance to think them. Your
prospect feels like you can read their mind – and that your product can actually solve their problems.” - Benyamin Elias
- Dir. Content Marketing @ Active Campaign
Example: Headline: The exercise program that help even the most time crushed person lose weight!
Even if Introduction: Even if you don’t have hours to spend at the gym, this unique program can work for you, let
me explain. (Keep building, here you can even start talking in terms of your own experience.) I used to get
overwhelmed thinking about the time commitment I’d have to make if I really wanted to reach my fitness goals,
I’m sure you can relate. Time is something we all could use more of, and with all the demands of daily life it can be
easy to conclude that if something’s going to get cut, it’s exercise. But here’s the truth, you can accomplish so
much more, in so much less time, if you simply take a few moments to learn the “80/20 rule of fitness.” Below
you’ll find the routine even the most time crunched person can use to
get reading
noticeable
results, fast! —
Further
& source:
https://link.sean.co/evenif
After our introduction it’s time to jump into the meat of our topic.
If this is an email, we may choose to send them directly to our offer at this point with a call to action to “find out
more”. If this is a sales page we can continue our content marketing piece by sharing the “outline” of our training,
focusing more on the benefits of each steps than the techniques, eventually leading to our call to action to buy if
they want to get the full system. As a content piece (blog post, ebook, white-paper) we still want to focus on the
benefits, but our reader can benefit from a bit deeper dive into the tactical parts of our topic; eventually leading to
a call to action to learn about our offer. We’ll dive further into the tactical content in future methods.
38

Imitation Game Worksheets

33 headline prompts

✓ Ask a question:
✓ Reference current events:
✓ Create Your Own Terms:
✓ Reveal News (New/Introducing):
✓ Tell The Reader to Do Something:
✓ Give Stats:
✓ Make a Comparison
✓ Promise Useful Information:
✓ Direct Offer:
✓ Tell A (Quick) Story:
✓ Make A Recommendation:
✓ State Benefit:
✓ Use A Testimonial:
✓ Arouse Curiosity:
✓ Promise to Reveal A Secret:
✓ Be Ultra Specific:
✓ Target Section of Your Audience:
✓ Time Based Headline:
✓ Stress Urgency/Scarcity of Savings/Value:
✓ Deliver Good News:
✓ Challenge The Reader:
✓ Highlight Your Guarantee:
✓ State The Price (as benefit):
✓ Set up (seemingly) Contradiction:
✓ Address Reader Objection/Concern:
✓ “As Crazy As it Sounds:”
✓ Take Them To The Promise Land:
✓ Demonstrate ROI:
✓ Reason Why Headline:
✓ List / Answer Questions:
✓ Stress Cost Saving Value:
✓ Highlight Cost of Mistakes:
✓ State / Deliver on Reader’s Goals:

Download the blank worksheet: link.sean.co/ig-ws1
39

#1
Copywriting

Effective copy is written
to meet a specific, stated
objective.

Quickie

Before you start writing be sure you know your objective – e.g. “The
aim is to persuade our audience to better understand the benefits of
using our service vs. our competitors, in particular when it comes to
customer service before they make a service provider choice.” If you
don’t know your objective how can you reach it?
This saves you lots of time and energy as you begin the writing
process. I’ve found that it helps to do some free-writing on
your subject to help find your objective, to get any and
all thoughts down on the page before you select a
specific marketing objective for your piece. Then
throw that free writing in the trash, write out a
specific objective, and start again.
You know you have a solid objective when
it’s S.M.A.R.T…

Specific, actionable, realistic, and time-based.
Example: In this [email, campaign, sales page, webinar, ad] I want to
convince my reader that [specific feature] is better for accomplishing
[specific task] than their current method. To do this I will show specific
evidence, share specific case studies, and appeal to xyz emotions.

40

method

The Imitation Game

part 2 - advertising

How to Find & Break Down High Converting, Fresh Ad Copy
So You Can Distill What Makes it Work Into Your Own Ads

41

41

taking the imitation game method further
What was before the beginning of the universe?
“Before the beginning” is something the human
mind utterly can’t comprehend and is a charming
example of a limitation that presently isn’t worth
spending too much time worrying about… because
we plainly can’t comprehend it.
I find this concept appealing because I don’t
believe in many limitations, I think most of us can
accomplish anything we set our minds to. But, the
limitation of our ability to comprehend “before the
beginning” is just... erotic; it can’t be argued with,
you can’t know which came first, the chicken or
the egg. I like that.
Still, in business, there is a “before the beginning”,
assuming the beginning of doing business is a sale…
and that “before” is advertising.

next… specialized tools to help you find high converting advertising to analyzes.
Ok, onto much less metaphysical stuff. Advertising is the first step for turning a stranger into a customer. It’s the
egg that brings to life the metaphorical chicken, and it’s arguably the most important piece to any marketing
puzzle. Without it you don’t have the traffic to test your sales messaging, without it you don’t have the foundation
of your “argument”, with a high converting ad you have a tool that can scale any business to 7 figures and beyond.
Throughout the rest of this guide, we’ll explore advertising on many different levels and from many perspectives,
but from a practical standpoint there is a lot to learn by analyzing advertising similar to how we analyzed and
created headlines.
Along with breaking down the structure of ads, I want to give you some assignments to practice with. These
exercises will be akin to looking at a piece of art and attempting to sketch it yourself; the goal is not a perfect
copy, but to experience the style of the artist we’re imitating. This method of learning dates back to the master/
appetence age, and is astonishingly powerful. By “going through the motions” before you know all the concepts in
work you will build up context to draw from when you are introduced to those concepts later in this guide.
advertising copy

Research Tool #1:

for more details visit:*

http://Sean.co/as

* full transparency, this is an affiliate link… My goal is always the same, only promote products I use and believe in, however if you'd
rather I not simply do a google search for the product - no hard feelings!
42

Research Tool #1:
for more details visit: Sean.co/as

fresh… why we need to see what’s working in the here and now.
In the last section we looked at ways to explore the structure of headlines, now we’re going to look at ads. You can always
use a similar approach as the last and save ads that capture attention and have high engagement. They can be found
pretty much everywhere online, and I do recommend starting a folder of ads you found useful. However, there is a small
issue with that. Advertising has gotten so smart that we’re mostly exposed to ads that are targeted to us specifically, our
age/demographics/locations, etc, so we’re not getting exposed to the full breadth of advertising out there that we can
learn from.
This is where AdvertSuite and similar research tools can be helpful. Especially if you want to explore advertisements in
your specific industry or niche.
This tool works by allowing you to search for live advertisements on platforms like Facebook, Instagram, Google, and
Youtube by keyword and other useful attributes. As Marilyn Vos Savant (who is listed as having the highest recorded
intelligence quotient in the Guinness Book of Record) puts it “To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire
wisdom, one must observe.” Research like the following method can both help you learn the structure of advertising
that converts (study), along with giving you inspiration for your own advertising (observe).
Another major benefit to this tool is that it lets us see what’s working right now. Many copywriting and advertising
books contain classic examples of brand building advertisements by Volkswagon and Coke-a-cola that can teach us
some great principles, but practically speaking we’re most likely not running million-dollar brand-building
campaigns. We need to see examples of what’s working in the real world now.
So let’s dive into the steps to getting the most out of this tool in our research phase, we’ll do this by first
looking at each step in the process (best practices) along with a few worksheets and methods for capturing
your knowledge for later reference and use.

taking the imitation game method further
How to study what’s working now in advertising to design better campaigns.
43

join advertsuite: sean.co/as

Step 1: Define Your Key Objective
why… wondering aimlessly can be fun, but it’s not terribly effective.
There are many different ways to search for advertisements to study with the AdvertSuite tool, the following is what I
consider the ‘best practices’ for the research process. As in the last exercise, you must first define your objective before
you research.
Example of a Bad Objective: “To look at ad structure in niches related to mine and emulate them in my own ads.”
Example of Good Objective: “To find examples of ads that convey the benefits of the product/service in a way that’s
engaging and reader-focused, so that I can dissect the structure and apply it to my own ads and campaigns. I aim to
market my [XYZ product/service] specific features/benefits to [audience profile], inviting them to experience the
difference my product has to offer.”
This objective will guide you as you explore different ads, you may have other objectives as well - but the main objective
should be the focus. You know you have a solid objective when it’s S.M.A.R.T. – Specific, actionable, realistic, and timebased… though time base isn’t as applicable here.

Step 2: Keyword Based Searches in AdvertSuite Explained
We’re able to search by either Keywords, Advertiser, or Domain. Let’s start with Keywords. Different combinations of
“keyword type” within the tool will give us very different types of results. This may seem pretty straight forward, but
there are pro’s and cons to different combinations of filters.
1.) Select “Keywords" from The Search Mode Drop Down

2.) We’ll start with searching by 'Ad Text’ - select from type dropdown

The benefit of searching by “ad text” is that you’re very likely to get relevant ads, a benefit of searching by comments is
you’re guaranteed to have ads with engagement (ads with no comments aren’t going to show). Searching keywords on
the “landing page text” is similar to ad text, but goes a step further… sometimes ads themselves may have little text and
let the image do the talking, which makes it difficult to search by keyword, where the landing page may have lots more
context for important keywords to be found. When in doubt, try searching all three.
When using the keyword search I recommend starting with the obvious:
Your Industry [e.g. Marketing] / Related Topics [e.g. ads, copywriting, social media] / Your Niche [e.g. Copywriting, lead
generation, closing sales, plumbing marketing] / and names of individuals in your industry.

Sorting The Results…
Next, we’ll want to select how we want to sort our results. All fairly selfexplanatory, but I tend to weigh engagement higher than time periods as a
priority. Likes/Comments/Shares are powerful ways of sorting out ads with
messaging that is strong enough to obtain interaction, though we can’t be certain
it’s a high converting ad, we can assume it has the foundational pieces of one.
“Longest Running” is also a useful measurement of the success of the ad, most
companies don’t leave poorly converting ads running for long.
44

Step 2: continued…
We now have quite a few different ways to hone in our ad search with many different filters and parameters.

Once we have our keyword selected we can dial in our results. I recommend starting as broad as possible, as in before you
select any of the many filtering options you see what type of results come up for just the keywords / sorting option. Depending
on our keyword we may have many thousands of results to filter through, or just have a few dozen if the topic is very niche.
Here’s a breakdown of the filters and how/when to apply them…
“Select Country” - Useful for very broad topic keywords that may have ads in many different countries, if we are focused on
selling in a specific region (e.g. USA) we may wish to simply show results only from this area. Another powerful strategy is to use
this filter to see how ad copy may differ from region to region, smart advertisers will create custom ads for different regions
that may appeal better to that specific area. You can always start broad, and capture and compare different ads from different
countries to explore.
“Ad Seen Between” / “Post Date Between” - These options let us hone in on specific timeframes that the ads were either
created or displayed. Generally, I’d recommend only using these if your keyword is extremely broad (e.g. Holiday Special) or if
you want to find ads that were posted, say, last year and compare them with ads posted this year. Comparing and contrasting
highly engaged with ads from different time frames is a great way to study different campaigns; especially if your products have
peak seasons.
“Buttons” - This filter is something you could use to compare engagement between different “calls to action”, at this moment
the filter seems to bring in both the generic “CTA’s” from Facebook, along with custom ones - so it can be tricky to know which
ones to use. I rarely use this filter, but again, it may be useful if you wish to compare ads with “learn more” vs. “click here” or
similar.
“Ad Position” - For Facebook specifically this allows you to sort ads to show from either the Newsfeed or the Sidebar. Given that
these areas have different specifications for image/text amounts this filter can be very useful in finding examples to emulate in
their natural habitat. A newsfeed ad is going to very different from a sidebar ad, and in general, we want to customize our
message to fit the medium. I recommend using this filter to capture examples of ads in each area for analyzation.
“Gender, Language, Age” - These demographic data points can be very useful to see how different advertisers adjust their
messaging to different demographics. This is especially true if our product is designed for specific demos and less of a general
audience. Personally, I like to make my ads appeal to as broad an audience as possible, but there’s a lot to be said to niching
down the message to “Male, 18-25, who speak Italian” if that is indeed our target audience. A good way to use this in research is
to compare how advertisers may change their messaging when targeting Male vs. Female; using this as a filter and capturing
examples from both may serve as inspiration for us to perhaps modify our message for different ad sets for these two audiences
types.a
“Funnel, E-Commerce” - This filter allows us to select specific technologies that the ads lead to, for Funnel we could always
examine ads that use the same tools we use - however, this does little to help us understand how well the ad performs and I
don’t recommend worrying too much about this filter. Now the ‘e-Commerce” filter can be very useful if we want to examine
ads that are product-related; in general, these platforms listed are majority physical products and as such can be a useful filter
for us to weed out service ads.
“Casino” - This last section is a category selector that mostly applies to specific industry type ads. This can be largely ignored
unless you find yourself with clients in these categories, or you yourself sell a product/service in them.
join advertsuite:
45 sean.co/as

Step 3: generating useful search results
Here’s an example of a simple keyword search I performed with the objective of seeing ads about
“marketing” (services) that have been running the longest since the beginning of the year. Note, I didn’t use the
keyword “marketing services” because in the ad itself it’s unlikely that that phrase would be used; but the term
“marketing” would likely be used.
To accomplish this I selected a “Keywords” search, with the “Ad Text” of ‘marketing’, I selected the filter “Running
Longest” since I want to see which ads likely are getting good results for the advertiser, again, good advertisers
rarely keep ads running that aren’t profitable.
I decided that since I am sorting by “Running Longest” I don’t really want to see the running longest ads of all time
since at this point I’m interested in what’s working lately [part of my objective]; so I selected an “Ad Seen Between”
date from Jan 1st,2019 to today… this means the ad search results will return ads posted in the last 8 months,
containing the keyword ‘marketing’, and sorted by the longest-running ads.

A Look at The Results…
The Advertiser

More Details*

Condensed
Ad Copy
We’re returned with quite a few ads to examine, each of which has a
different flavor and style for us to learn from. Some are long-form, some
are video, and some are short text.
Next we want to capture this data for detailed examination and break
down. You can save ads you like as “Favorites” by selecting the Star Icon
in each ad, however, I recommend using a 3rd party tool to capture the
specifics of the ad so you can capture all your notes for future review.
There are many different ways to do this, something as simple as a
Ad Image

Google Doc will get the job done, but what I’ve to be the most effective is
a tool called Trello. Trello is generally used as a project management
tool, but it can be customized as a kind of ‘database’ for application here.

Engagement
& Post Date

= Data Capture Tool

* the "more details” icon is where
you can find links to the original ad.

By saving our results in a way we can later review we're creating
ourselves a powerful asset that can easily be accessed in the future for
inspiration.46

Step 4: capturing & reviewing results
The beauty of Trello is that it’s highly customizable, and doesn’t hurt
that all the functionality you’ll need for this is included in its free
version. I’ve kept an “advertisement board” for years where I save
screenshots of my favorite ads both online and off. Combining this tool
with AdvertSuite (Sean.co/as) will make the task of analyzing much
easier. Here’s my recommended use case for this strategy.
First, if you don’t already have a Trello account go set one up for free at
Trello.com. I recommend reviewing some of their basic tutorials before
we continue since I won’t be going in-depth into every single piece of the
software; however, it is quite intuitive and if you’ve ever used any kind of
project or task management software before you shouldn’t have a
problem following along.
We’ll be creating “Columns” (Lists), which in Trello are usually reserved
for “To Do”, “Doing”, and “Done” out of our ‘keyword’... you can always
choose your own path to how you set up the columns, for example, my
main advertising board is separated out by industry & medium, but if I
were to start again fresh I would probably stick to a ‘keyword’ structure.

A Trello “Column” (List)
You can have as many Columns as you like since Trello will allow you to scroll horizontally.
As mentioned, for this example we’ll make columns out of the keywords we used to search.
To add a column simply click in the dark area on the board that says “+ Add another list” & type.

The Trello “Card”
Trello stores information in the form of “cards”, these cards can contain all
types of different information, and can be highly customized. For our
purposes, we’ll be storing information on the ads we are collecting from
AdvertSuite, along with all our notes.
1.

To add a card click on the column where it says “+ Add a card”

2.

I like to name the card the “Page Title” + “Ad Type” with its respective
data.

3.

Next, we can add what Trello calls “Labels”, these can be used to sort our
cards later, you can add many different types of labels but I mainly just
add the platform (Facebook) and the ad type (Newsfeed). This will be very
helpful in the future when you have ads saved from other platforms.

4. In the description, I suggest including details on the search settings you
used from AdvertSuite.
5.

You can also add comments, or invite others to add comments on the
cards as well. I will sometimes add custom tags based on the keywords in
the ad for help with search later.

47

There’s no right or wrong with card setup, you
feel free to customize to your hearts content.

Step 4: capturing & reviewing results
continued…

The Trello “Card”
Next, we want to capture as much information from the advertisement
itself onto the Card. Sometimes ad accounts get shut down, or
advertisers delete the ads so we’ll want to make sure we add as much
data as possible.
First, within the AdvertSuite ad results, you’ll see the “More Info” icon,
clicking this will take you to a detailed page with more information on
the ad itself, along with a link to the properly formatted ad in Facebook.
Here’s the information I recommend capturing…
1.

A screenshot of the full ad (From source to preserve formatting).

2.

Copy the text directly from the ad - copy this text into a Google
Doc (or equivalent) and link to this in the Trello Card.

3.

Add a link to the landing page.

4. A screenshot of the landing page.*
5.

Add a screenshot of the AdvertSuite “More Info” page.

6. A screenshot of the “most relevant” comments from the ad.
* There is a handy Google Chrome Extension called ‘FireShot’ that will let
you take a screenshot of pages that are longer than your screen.

From the AdvertSuite “More Info” Page you can click the
‘learn more’ button to open the original ad.

Again, before we continue - it’s worth restating. We’re capturing this information to study, learn from, and emulate in form.
Not to directly copy. If you copy word for word from the ads you are studying you are liable for copyright infringement which is illegal.
If you’re not sure if you’re plagiarizing someone's work you can always consult with a lawyer, but the rule of thumb of simply not using
the same words and exact structure of an ad is usually sufficient. This is especially true if it’s a similar product or service.
It’s ok to have more or less info then what I listed here within your card.
The idea is to capture as much as possible to learn from, but sometimes
even just having a screenshot of the ad is enough for further examination.
For example, I will normally only capture the long-form text of an ad if I
plan on exploring its structure in detail. For a step by step process on how to
break down long-form ads see the section: “Contrarian Copy Structure” and
“The A’s of Influence - The 5 Foundations of Persuasion” exercises.
There is, however, an exercise we can do for each one of these ads that is
made easier by the specific data we’ve used to generate these search
results. In this case, we know that this ad has been running continually
since February (the longest-running in the set we have generated), has high
engagement, and leads to a lead capture landing page.

With that in mind we can great questions to explore this ad…
48

Step 5: asking the right questions…

The Imitation Game - Advertising Emulation Exercise
Critical thinking is a distinctive way of examining information and is what we are doing when we dig
below the superficial elements of the advertisements we are studying. At first, the process may
seem tedious, but over time you will find that there is beauty in this type of examination, and
hopefully, the process will inform other areas of your life beyond business.
To get the most out of the questions we ask and the answers we give it’s critical we remember
why we’re asking them in the first place. There can be many reasons, but above all our goal
should be to learn from the structure & persuasion principles within the ad. That learning is
accomplished by critically thinking about each question and expanding upon our answer if
our answer brings up more questions!
We have a unique set of data behind the ad copy itself by using the AdvertSuit tool. We can let
the different options we selected at the onset of our search guide our questioning process.
Here’s what we know from the example over the last few pages…
The ads listed were posted in the last 8 months, contain the keyword ‘marketing’, and are
sorted by the longest-running ads. We also know how many comments, shares, and likes
each post has received. And we can dig into the funnel to examine the copy on the landing
pages & sales pages. This may not sound like a lot of information, but it’s much more
than if we were to just pull an ad at random from our newsfeed to examine.

Questions to Consider For Each Ad You Analyze…
1.

Who do you think the advertiser is trying to target? (Be as
specific as possible)

19. What warnings are given in the ad? (if any)
20. What facts do they share to support their claims? (if any)

2. What is the short term goal of the ad after the click? (e.g. to
capture a lead, or a sale, brand building)
3. What is the product or service being sold at the end of the

21. What authority elements are within the ad?
22. In what ways does the ad appeal to the reader’s desires?
23. What “enemy” is defined in the ad? (if any)

funnel?
4. What is the price point of the product or service?
5. What is the core ‘attention grabber’ being used?
6. What benefits does the ad share?

24. What specific pains are defined in the ad? (if any)
25. What elements within the ad did you find entertaining or
uniquely different from others you’ve seen?
26. What objections were brought up within the ad about the claim

7. What do you think stoked the engagement on the ad?
8. What would you consider adding to the ad to increase
engagement?

or product & how were they addressed?
27. Can you identify any ‘rhyming’ or repetitive elements that drive
home a point?

9. Why effect do you think the image had on the engagement?
10. What is the general mood of the advertisement? (e.g. Combative,
inspiring, exciting, fearful)

28. Do they associate themselves with anything specific to increase
perceived authority?
29. What fears and hopes does the ad bring to mind?

11. What ‘dream’ or ‘desire’ does the ad inspire the reader to aspire
to?
12. In what ways do you think the ad could improve?

30. Putting yourself in the shoes of the audience, in what ways
would you say the ad is effective & ineffective.

13. What is the “thesis” or main claim of the advertisement?
14. What story (if any) does the ad share with the reader?
15. Does the ad take a ‘contrarian point of view’? If so, what is this
view & how does it differ from the average.
16. What emotions is the advertiser attempting to evoke, and how?
17. What lessons are they teaching the audience?
18. What is the call to action?

Download questions in worksheet form: link.sean.co/ig-qws
I challenge you to come up with more questions, these are just
examples. If you’re not sure how to answer some of these
questions review different sections within this book for more
context. I recommend placing your answers to these questions in
the Trello card you make for each ad.

“Picasso was onto this truth fifty years ago when he commented, “Computers are
49A More Beautiful Question
useless—they only give you answers.” ― Warren Berger,

#2
Copywriting
Quickie

You won’t stand out if
you don’t stand out.

If your copy reads like a textbook or a generic infomercial you’ll
likely turn off many of your readers. Add some sauce, make
your steamed chicken of a product feature excite the taste
buds.
Use colorful language combined with metaphors, similes
and poignant stories to break out of the drab cloth that
most marketing is dressed in.
However, don’t go too ham… Balance the gusto with substance
and avoid flowery language just for the sake of it. Striking that
balance will give you marketing that doesn’t feel like marketing.

Dress your content with an engaging and interesting style
and tone, but don’t let it overshadow
your message.
51

method

Amazon R&D

How to Use the Forces Behind The “Overlooked” Part
of Best Sellers to Better Understand Your Audience

52

52

Judging a Book By It’s Cover
Books Don’t Just Sell Because of Their Titles
They Sell Because of the Promise In the Sub-Title.
Admittedly a good title is important. However next
time you go to a book store pay attention to why you
select the books you do. Unless the book was
recommended to you, or you’re a fan of the author,
chances are the sub-title influenced your decision
more than you realized.
These sub-titles are often the essence of the
“promise” of the book, what the reader can expect to
gain from reading it.

Authors often agonize when
creating the main title for their
book. Some high-profile authors
pay thousands and thousands of
dollars to experts just to come up
with a catchy main title. But when
it comes to book marketing of
nonfiction books, the subtitle is
the most important element.
- Smith Publicity

It’s also a fantastic place to explore what’s
enticing people in our specific niche.
Similar to our last method we’re going to collect
book sub-titles to inspire our own copy.
Note, this strategy isn’t just for selling books (though
it can be used for that); it’s designed to help you
create copy for ANY type of product or service.

The Title May Grab Your
Attention… But the Subtitle
Should Seal The Deal.

53

Leveraging Amazon Best Sellers
Don’t Judge a Book By Its Cover… Judge by Its SubTitle.

Step #1 Take out a piece of paper and at the top of the page write a brief
Write Brief

description of what you want your reader to do by the end of your
writing piece.
Example: My goal for this content is for the reader to be inspired
to register for a webinar that’s selling my course on XYZ, I want
them to see the pitfalls that befall those who don’t take action.

Step #2 Go to amazon.com's book section and select the niche of your
Research

product. Sort by best sellers or featured.

54

Sub-Titles That Capture Attention
“A Counterintuitive Approach
to Living a Good Life”
QUESTION REALITY

“Why We Do What We Do
in Life and Business”
CREATE INTRIGUE

“How to Stop Doubting Your
Greatness and Start Living an
Awesome Life"
INSPIRE THOUGHT

“The Secret to Love that
Lasts”

PROMISE POWERFULLY

55

Adapting the Subtitle
Step #3 Now we again map out the structure and expand upon it for our
Adapt

own niche. We’ll revisit our Real Estate example and see how we
can adapt the book sub-title to our niche.

Structure

What it says: “A Counterintuitive
Approach to Living a Good Life”

“A [adjective] Approach to
[enticing promise]”

Expand

“A [Uniquely Powerful] Approach To
[Making Millions Short Selling Homes]”

“A [Uniquely Powerful] Approach To [Making
Millions Short Selling Homes], And Why
Many Agents Are Missing Out Big Time. ”
What’s in it for them if they continue on reading our material?

Modifier = End Result + Time Frame
56

#3
Copywriting

keep. it. simple.

Quickie

“Simple can be harder than complex: You have
to work hard to get your thinking clean to make
it simple. But it’s worth it in the end because
once you get there, you can move mountains.”
- Steven Jobs

What made the iPod so successful? It did one thing, and it did that one thing flawlessly. We should
aim to do the same in our copy.
It can be easy to over-complicate things that we don’t understand. Be sure to revise your
uncertainties away and keep in mind that a large part of your job is to simplify the complex for our
reader.
If you’re unsure if something is simple enough do “the grandma test”, as Albert Einstein put it – if
you can’t explain it simple enough for your grandmother to understand it, you don’t understand it well
enough.
Look for the simple truth hidden in the content, often a large chunk of information can be summed
up in one line. However, don’t oversimplify things to the point that your audience feels talked “down
to”. Simple good, simplistic, bad.

Revise your first draft with the aim of simplifying
and clarifying your message.
58

d
ers min
g a read
in
g
n
a
h
C
ke
a lot li
vior is
a
h
e
b
&
ins!
mounta
moving

method

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION

PART 1: COGNITIVE BIASES

controversial yet impossible to ignore… How To Ethically Harness Built
In Biases of Your Reader to Greatly Increase Your Influence & Sales.

glittering genera
lities

fallacy
black-and-white

loaded

“Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though

langua
ge

checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither
enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in the gray twilight that
knows neither victory nor defeat.”
thought-

terminati

61

ng cliché

― Theodore Roosevelt

b
authority

fear appeal

ias

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION method overview

PART 1
cognitive biases

We all have built in cognitive bias’ that influence our
decision making processes heavily; for good and ill.
Knowing how to harness their power can allow us to
better frame benefits, overcome objections…
and craft some killer copy.

Walking The Fine Line Between
Persuasion & Manipulation
Persuasion: To cause (someone) to do something through reasoning or argument.
Manipulation: To control or influence cleverly, unfairly, or unscrupulously.

A cognitive bias is a mistake in reasoning, evaluating, remembering, or other cognitive process, often
occurring as a result of holding onto one's preferences and beliefs regardless of contrary
information. There are as many as 180 known cognitive bias’.
Leveraging cognitive biasses may sound, well, manipulative… and at a certain level there’s no denying
the impact they have in the decision making process. Let’s not forget, however, every form of
communication is designed to influence in one way or another, marketing is not unique in that aspect.
Our goal is not to manipulate, the implication being that we're acting only with our interests in mind
and with unscrupulous tactics … No, our goal is to persuade; the difference being that everyone wins in
the equation, and our reader has come to their decision fairly.
Here’s what you need to keep in mind, and this is a point I’ll repeat many times in this guide… If, and only if,
you believe in your offers real value should you consider influencing your reader with these strategies. Let’s
also not forget it’s your ethical, and often legal, responsibility to be truthful & transparent in your efforts to
close the sale. When done well, and with integrity, you’ll come to find that not only do you have influence,
but you're genuinely helping others with your offers in a sustainable way.
Let's now investigate a handful of “cognitive biases” and explore ways to ethically use them to increase the
persuasive power of our marketing.

62

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

THE BIAS: Affect Heuristic

give motive & emotion to your message

Context: This mental shortcut is often executed when making automatic decisions, and relates to how our
current emotional state affects our decision. Rather than taking the time (logically) to consider the long-term
consequences of a decision, we often rely too heavily on our emotions to control the process. It may be seen as
‘useful’ by our subconscious because it shortens the decision-making process and allows us to function without
having to complete an extensive search for information.
“If their feelings towards an activity are positive, then people are more likely to judge the risks as low and the
benefits high. On the other hand, if their feelings towards an activity are negative, they are more likely to perceive
the risks as high and benefits low.” - The Affect Heuristic in Judgment of Risks and Benefits, Journal of Behavioral
Decision Making.
[1] Finucane, M.L.; Alhakami, A.; Slovic, P.; Johnson, S.M. ( January 2000). "The Affect Heuristic in Judgment of Risks and Benefits". Journal of Behavioral Decision Making. Source: https://link.sean.co/a-h-s [2] Wikipedia
contributors. "Affect heuristic." Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia [3] The Decision Lab - Biases - Affect Heuristic - https://thedecisionlab.com/biases/affect-heuristic

from positive to negative…

“I don't want to be at the mercy of my emotions. I want
to use them, to enjoy them, and to dominate them.”
― Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray

… and back again

here’s what to do

This tendency to calculate risk based on a current emotional state (positive or negative) has many different
applications in our messaging. First, let’s look at the positive state. Since a positive state of emotion generally
reduces the perception of risk in our reader, we’ll want to make sure that as our message weaves in and out of
positive and negative emotional language that we conclude our message on a clear and justifiable positive note.
This usually is right before a specific call to action to purchase where our reader is most likely to be calculating
potential the potential risks of the action, where a positive state of mind is going to serve our end goal the best.
This isn’t to say we shouldn’t use any negative language in our messaging. By highlighting the risks of not taking
action, not changing, and the potential risks of not applying our message we can draw a powerful contrast when
we bring our tone back to positive at the end of our message.
Principally, when we look at our message as a whole, ideally it will be net positive; like a Hollywood blockbuster
hero film with just enough drama, excitement, peril, and uplifting twists to bring our reader to a happy ending.
•

Associate negative emotions with the competition, other approaches, and lack of action.

•

Associate positive emotions, concepts, and events with our offer.

Principally, when we look at our message as a whole, ideally it will be net positive; like a Hollywood blockbuster
hero film with just enough drama, excitement, peril, and uplifting twists to bring our reader to a happy ending.
Warning: Avoid being a drama-king or queen! Don’t overplay emotions or you will be seen as manipulative.
Intensity should be weighed against the magnitude of the topic. Being subtle can be just as effective as being
overt, and it is a much more tasteful approach.
63

cognitive biases

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

the confused mind says no.

THE BIAS: Choice Overload / Overchoice Bias / Paradox of Choice
Context: Overchoice or choice overload is a cognitive process in which people have a difficult time making a
decision when faced with many options. The term was first introduced by Alvin Toffler in his 1970 book,
Future Shock. Much of our subconscious decision-making processes are centered on calculating risks,
and the difficulty of those calculations greatly influences the quality of that process. Another
component of overchoice is the perception of time.

A or B

Also relevant is the finding that “more choices result with more dissatisfaction and regret in
decisions.” (Iyengar, Sheena S.; Lepper, Mark R.), and “Images [...] require less mental effort
to be processed which gives the consumer a sense that the information is being processed
faster. Consumers prefer this visual shortcut to processing […] no matter how big the choice
set size. Images increase our perceived variety of options. […] variety is good when making the
first step of choosing an assortment.” (Townsend, Claudia; Kahn, Barbara E).

A study of two jam-tasting booths in a grocery store sum this effect up well. One booth had six options, and
the other had twenty-four. Although the larger booth did draw in more customers, only 3% of those drawn in
eventually made purchases compared to approximately 30% of those drawn into the smaller booth.
[1] Iyengar, Sheena S.; Lepper, Mark R. (2000). "When choice is demotivating: Can one desire too much of a good thing?" (PDF) https://link.sean.co/demotivating-choice-pdf [2]
Townsend, Claudia; Kahn, Barbara E. (2014). "The "Visual Preference Heuristic": The Influence of Visual versus Verbal Depiction on Assortment Processing, Perceived Variety, and
Choice Overload". Journal of Consumer Research. 40 - https://link.sean.co/visual-heuristic [3] Wikipedia contributors. "Overchoice." Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia. Wikipedia,
The Free Encyclopedia [4] The Decision Lab - Choice Overload Bias https://thedecisionlab.com/biases/choice-overload-bias

Click Here to Load More…

here’s what you do a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z
It may be easy to assume that ‘more is better’ when it comes to product options, especially when selling physical
products. We may have a page full of size options, color options, and dozens of other products to choose from
around the product we’re selling. Because more is better, right? The ‘choice overload’ principle calls this
assumption into question, and in reality, the truth is that we’re more likely to frustrate the customer leading them
to make NO choices.

•

We want to streamline any product configuration process, perhaps by simply presenting the most common
options at first; with a way to display more options if we have them.

•

For any given product or service we’ll want to offer no more than 3 pricing tiers per configuration… this is
easy to see in action on almost all Software offers, and it’s a good place to start.

•
•

On order and lead capture forms reduce the information captured to the bare minimum.
When presenting different options do so in a visually appealing way that easily distinguishes the options.

The Rule of Two: Too many choices overwhelm, but having only one option can also be risky… there is never only
one option; the person can choose to just leave the page or not buy. Presenting two specific options (see also “blackand-white fallacy”) is an effective way to leverage the desire to have some variety and the ability to choose. We can
do this even if we only have one, how? By framing a choice… For example on a lead capture page for a guide on
gardening we can “Sign up Today” or “No, I’m not interested in learning about gardening.” The choice invites
them to think instead of just habitually closing the page, and a conscious decision is always better than an
unconscious one.
Earn Trust by Helping in The Calculation Process. In longer form copy & content marketing we can effectively
present numerous different options (of perspective, schools of thought, or approaches) related to our topic. We
will earn trust by helping our readers systematically prioritize and reduce those options down to a few core
critical ones to choose from, ideally ones in favor of our argument and call to action.

cognitive biases 65

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

THE BIAS: Forer Effect / Barnum effect
you’re the kind of person who… (generic positive action & attributions here)
Context: The Forer effect (or Barnum effect; or ‘glittering
generalities’ in Propaganda jargon) describes the “psychological
phenomenon whereby individuals give high accuracy ratings to
descriptions of their personality that supposedly are tailored
specifically to them, that are in fact vague and general enough to
apply to a wide range of people.” Think astrology, fortune-telling, aura
reading, and some types of personality tests.
The effect ranges from innocent flattery to outright deception. In darker
realms, this technique is used by con-artists to convince their victims that the
conman has ‘paranormal gifts’. I find it hilarious that they skirt their responsibility
for use of this ‘strategy’ by stating in very fine text “For Entertainment Purposes Only”
on their materials. This principle works because we may find it impressive & perhaps
even astonishing when someone identifies a seemingly unique personal belief we hold dear,
knowledge that we interpret as uniquely ours, when, in reality, it’s actually quite generic.
In marketing, it can be used effectively to validate (the process whereby others confirm the validity of one's emotions)
a person’s decisions and opinions in relation to what’s being marketed. It is especially powerful & useful in the
marketing of causes & public relations but also has its place at some level in all forms of marketing.
[1] “Barnum Effect | psychology". Encyclopedia Britannica https://link.sean.co/barnum-e [2] Carroll, Robert. "Barnum effect". The Skeptic's Dictionary. The Skeptic's
Dictionary. Retrieved 26 February 2017. Wikipedia contributors. "Barnum effect." Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia. Wikipedia

See also: “Glittering Generalities” in Part 2: Principles of Propaganda & ‘Prove Their Presumptions’ in the ‘A’s of Influence’.

here’s what you do know thy audience
Restating for effect: as usual, we need to implement these principles with respect for their power to influence our
readers. Do not attempt to flatter your way to success, once the charade is identified you will find yourself (at best)
losing the trust of your audience. If you use this approach to ‘trick’ someone into buying you may make sales, but
it is not a sustainable path to attain happy & satisfied customers. Our goal is not to exploit, but to understand.

Emotional Transfer & Thought Validation In Content Marketing - The Power of ‘You’
Content marketing is in part about persuading our reader of the validity of our point of view. Part of persuasion is
validating the values & emotions we believe others should feel in relation to our topic. Should they feel mad?
Happy? Angry? Elated?
Whatever the emotion, and whatever the intensity of that emotion, we can use the Barnum Effect to actively
transfer it to our reader. How? By using rhetorical ‘Barnum statements’. For example, let's say you're writing copy
raising funds for a charity to fight fires in Australia, we can transfer the urgency of the situation with a statement
such as “... you’re the kind of person (Barnum statement) who understands the importance of community, imagine
if everything you knew and loved was in the path of a raging inferno? No doubt you would (Barnum statement) be
scared, angry, and want to do everything you could to save what you love.”
There’s a high probability that just about anyone will agree with these statements, and likely strongly identify
with them if they are your target audience - if you’re looking to raise funds from wealthy people likely they are
community-oriented and care about the future. If they’re not your target audience they won’t identify with the
values you’ve identified, and that’s just fine… as stated, they’re likely not our target audience anyway; people who
don’t care about community aren’t likely to donate to a cause designed to help save a community.
cognitive biases 66

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

THE BIAS: Forer Effect / Barnum effect

continued…

Tests & Surveys.
You’ve probably seen (and fallen victim to) the ‘BuzzFeed’ style generic quizzes such as “Which Harry Potter Character
Are You?” or “Which Disney Prince Are You Most Likely to Marry”, I’ll be honest, I’m quite curious which Lord of the Rings
character I am. These quizzes usually spit out results with generic ‘reasons’ as to why you fall under one category or
another, each reason can vaguely apply to just about anyone - but for some reason (we now know why) we find ourselves
compelled by it’s seeming uncanny accuracy.
In our own marketing we can design similar principled quizzes, but with less ‘generic’ and more useful attribution to
the responses. Useful in the same way that our ‘Barnum statements’ in our content can help separate qualified leads
from non-qualified. After all, our marketing budget will be served well if we strive to mostly focus our efforts on qualified
individuals.
A test asking individuals to rate on a scale of 1 - 10 their feelings/opinions about a given topic is a simple way to
implement this tactic. Tools such as Typeform [save 10% - https://link.sean.co/typeform ] have made this process simple,
and allow you to display results dynamically based on the answers supplied.
Building on our raising money for fighting Australia’s fires example you could design the following survey:

Title: How “Community Conscious” Are You? Your score may surprise you...
Q: on a scale of 1 to 10 how important is supporting your community to you?
Q: on a scale of 1 to 10 how painful would it be for you to leave your community & start somewhere new?
Q: on a scale of 1 to 10 how emotionally effected have you been by news of the devastating fires in both the United States
& Australia?
You then set up 3 groups within Typeform [save 10% - https://link.sean.co/typeform ] to segment the responders based
on their scores into less interested in community, interested in community, and very interested in community.
Your message to the ‘Very Interested in Community’ group may read along the lines of…
“Congratulations! You’re clearly the type of person who cares about their community, the world needs more people like
you. We commend your commitment to helping to foster love and happiness in your community and understand that
you likely would be devastated if you found that your own community was under threat.
[Segway into the call to action.] At [Name of Foundation] we strive to support communities around the world that face
threats that no one wants to think about, and we’d love to invite you to help us in that mission. Today only a very
generous donor has agreed to a dollar-for-dollar match of any amount contributed to our campaign to help the families
& animals in the path of the devastating fires in Australia. Your contribution is a powerful way to say “YES! I care!” and
help do your part to keep the devastation contained, and away from communities just like yours, even on the other side
of the planet.
You can adjust the message based on the responses for the other groups, but it’s highly likely if the questions are possed
correctly, the majority of individuals will fall into your “very interested” group. Especially if you’ve correctly targeted
audiences that are more likely to connect with shared core values.
There are other ways to tactfully use this strategy to connect with your target audience, the simplest way for you to do so
is by mastering the rhetorical use of “you” in your marketing. It is perhaps the most effective way to transform the onesided nature of writer/reader relationship into a genuine conversation.

67

cognitive biases

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

THE BIAS: Framing Effect / Choice Architecture

the way you’re saying it can matter more than what you’re saying

Context: The framing effect has consistently proven to be one of the strongest biases in decision making. It is a
cognitive bias where people decide on options based on whether the options are presented with positive or
negative connotations (loss or gain). ‘Prospect theory’ demonstrates that a loss is seen as more significant, and
thus more worthy of avoiding, than an equivalent gain.
Framing your messages in a positive light – pointing out what’s to be gained – is a useful way to position the
‘lifestyle’ (value systems) you’re selling while also giving them positive associations with your message. Negative
framing has it’s place, for example, you can ruminate on the consequences (losses) of not taking certain actions,
or not believing/knowing certain things. Both are powerful ways to position your message as a net positive outcome
for your customer, and inspire confidence in what you’re asking them to do is the best course of action.
[1] Plous, Scott (1993). The psychology of judgment and decision making. McGraw-Hill. [2] The Decision Lab - Framing Effect https://thedecisionlab.com/biases/
framing-effect [3] Wikipedia contributors. "Framing effect (psychology)." Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia.

What will they gain? Framing for positive gains.
More people will support an economic policy if the employment rate is emphasized than when
the associated unemployment rates are highlighted.
(Druckman, J. (2001b). "Using credible advice to overcome framing effects". Journal of Law.… 17: 62–82 - https://link.sean.co/gain-study)

What will they avoid? Framing for loss avoidance.
93% of PhD students registered early when a penalty fee for late registration was emphasized,
with only 67% doing so when this was presented as a discount for earlier registration.
(Gächter, S.; Orzen, H.; Renner, E.; Stamer, C. (2009) - Journal of Economic Behavior & Organization. 70 - https://link.sean.co/loss-study )

here’s what you do…
framing tactics & strategies to leverage in your copy...

1.

Contextual Savings Frame
Comparing the cost of your offer to easily recognized examples
that lower the perceived expense, or increase the perceived
value.
‘For less than the price of a cup of coffee per day…”
or
“A similar college level course cost well over $3,000, but today,
for less than 10% of that price you can enjoy our…”

$2/day vs. $60
69

cognitive biases

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

THE BIAS: Framing Effect / Choice Architecture

vs.
2.

Picking the Right Number
You can report the same numerical information from different perspectives.
• When it’s a ‘good’ number, pick the ‘larger’ frame e.g. instead of “2x growth” position it
as “200% growth” or “save 30%” as opposed to “save $7”
• When it’s a ‘bad’ number, pick the ‘smaller’ frame [if you need to share bad news, ideally
you’ll want to also explain why it actually isn’t that bad.] e.g. instead of “losing $100”,
position it as “losing only 1% of the total”. Unless, of course, you’re reporting something
negative that works in your favor, in which case you’d want to emphasize the larger
number.
• When the number has different perspectives attached, picked the positive perspective
e.g. “80% fat-free yogurt” vs. “contains only 20% fat”.

3.

Savings or Penalty?
You should highlight any available savings while also highlighting any risks of not
taking advantage of the savings.

“Save 20% today only! Don’t miss out!”

4.

“Good vs. Evil” Frame
The hero and villain story is as old as stories themselves.
Position your brand & offer as a hero, or better a yet a
powerful assisting tool to your hero; your customer.
Position any number of conflicting forces as the ‘enemy’,
these can be internal to your customer (e.g. mindset,
habits, ignorance) or external (e.g. other inferior
products, time, government).
See ‘Hero’s Journey’ & ‘A’s of Influence’ Frameworks for more.
70

cognitive biases

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

THE BIAS: Framing Effect / Choice Architecture

continued…

5.

Us vs. Everyone Else ‘Community Frame’ - Similar to ‘good vs. evil’ frame, ‘us vs. them’ is a
way to position their act of joining your ‘community’ (through purchase or otherwise) as
taking a stand for a positive value, that, ‘Everyone Else’ mistakingly hasn’t yet joined.

6.

‘Unique in a Sea of The Same’ Frame
Taking advantage of the “innovation bias”.
Frame your offer, approach, message, or
brand as a new and innovative approach to
solving an important problem of your
audience. Build an argument as to why the new
way is better, and why the old way leads to disaster.

7.

‘Because I’m Worth It’ Frame - This tagline from L’Oreal is a powerful frame. How can you
position your offer in terms of your customer’s “entitlement” to the benefits your offer
brings to them? “

You’ve worked long and hard to build your business,
you deserve the peace of mind that comes with knowing
it’s in the right hands…”
Am I presenting it this the most attractive way?
You can combine a number of these different frames together throughout
your different pieces of marketing to appeal in different ways to different
segments of your audience. Frames can serve as high-level guidance for your
marketing in general and also give you specific tactical tools to increase your
conversions. The guiding principle to always consider is best put in the form
of a question… am I presenting my information in the most attractive way?

71

next… Prospect Theory & Loss Aversion

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

THE BIAS: Prospect Theory & Loss Aversion
“losses loom larger than gains”
This bias and related principles build upon the concepts discussed in ‘framing’ but deserve their own
exploration. We risk putting ourselves at a disadvantage in our marketing if we don’t understand how to correctly
implement ‘loss aversion’. At first glance, this bias is so illogical that it ‘feels’ like it shouldn’t be true, and without
fully understanding it we’ll very likely find ourselves loosing both sales & the interest of our readers.
Context: The principle from which many other biases stem, ‘prospect theory’, stipulates that the “pain of losing”
registers with twice the impact as the “pleasure of gaining” a similar amount.
Logically we would assume that gaining $100 would have an equal net impact psychologically
than losing $100. But prospect theory
demonstrates that the impact of losing $100
is much more impactful (2x more) than
gaining $100. Meaning to emotionally “fix” a
loss of $100, one would need to gain $200. This
also leads to the equally illogically conclusion
that “it’s better to not lose $5 than to find $5”... it
logically should be seen as equal, shouldn’t it?
These illogical calculations of our subconscious lead to a ‘loss
aversion’ bias at the psychological level, with many related
consequences.
This also means that people are biased towards ‘sure small losses’ over
even ‘likely potential gains’, especially when there is a perceived risk of a
larger loss. For example, someone with an illogical fear of being attacked by
a shark may give up the joy [very likely gain] of surfing because of the perceived risks of a being killed by a shark
[minuscule chance of happening, less than 1 in 264.1 million]. This natural protective behavior is useful in terms of
survival but often can mean missing out on gains that are very much in favor of realizing. It also means an
increased likelihood of risky (i.e. non-logical or irrational) behavior to avoid potential loss.
Industries & products focused on ‘security’ (Insurance for example) rely on this bias heavily, but the principle
has a wide range of implications for all markets and marketing strategies.
Whether a transaction is framed as a loss or as a gain is very important to
the equation: would you rather get a $5 discount, or avoid a $5 surcharge?
The same change in price framed differently has a significant effect on
consumer behavior. The ‘receiving a discount’ framing is perceived as
less impactful than the frame of ‘avoiding a surcharge’ even when the net
result is exactly the same, saving $5 by taking an action. In practice, this
means that if we’re offering a discount, we’ll want to also empathize the
risk of not taking advantage of the discount (it will go away).

age & experience along can influence ones aversion to loss & risk
but on average, most will prefer the safe choice, often over a better choice …
^ Levin, Irwin P., Sandra L. Schneider, and Gary J. Gaeth. "All frames are not created equal: A typology and critical
analysis of framing effects." Organizational behavior and human decision processes 76.2 (1998) [2] Shafir, Eldar;
LeBoeuf, Robyn A. (2002). "Rationality". Annual Review of Psychology. 53 (1): 491–517. [3] Shafir, Eldar; LeBoeuf,
Robyn A. (2002). "Rationality". Annual Review of Psychology. 53 (1): 491–517. Wikipedia contributors. "Loss aversion."
Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia. Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia

73

cognitive biases

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

THE BIAS: Prospect Theory & Loss Aversion

here’s what you do
Change the Frame, Change the Behavior
Building on the concepts of ‘frames’ from our last section we can now look at the different ways we can position
‘loss’ and ‘gains’ in our marketing copy & strategies. Our concerns, as it relates to loss aversion & prospect
theory, should be related to the following:
[Primary] How can we emphasize the losses to the customer of not taking actions that are in favor of our
marketing message?
[Secondary] How can we emphasize the gains of taking actions related to our marketing message?
Both these frames are useful in different contexts, but as prospect theory & loss aversion have
demonstrated the priority emphasis of a given to the things (losses) the reader would like to avoid.

Quick Tactical Ideas to Test & Implement
✓ If you don’t offer a discount or coupon, remove the ‘coupon field’ on your checkout. You don’t want them
to feel like they’re losing out on something by not having a discount code.

✓ Modify the language near discounts, bonuses, or special offers. Make sure you’re emphasizing the
potential loss of not taking action to get these ‘limited time/availability’ perks.

✓ Implement technology that helps demonstrate urgency/scarcity. E.g. For a booking site, “Only 1 Room
Left” is very effective, or for booking a strategy call, list the (small) number of available times left. Use
countdown timers if possible, removing the incentives when the timer goes away.

✓ ‘Order Bump’ Offers - add additional one time offers at the checkout that are only available at their
discounted right during the checkout process.

✓ Strike-Through Features of lower-priced options that they will not unlock unless they purchase higher
tiers. E.g. if you have a basic and premium version of the product, list the ‘premium features’ in the basic
column but crossed out.

✓ Language - Review how you position topics, have you highlighted the potential risk of loss? E.g. Instead of
stating “Learn How to Write Better” reframe it as “How to Avoid Easy to Miss Writing Mistakes that Are
Costing You Sales”.

✓ Lists of Examples - Provide lists of potential risks as they relate to your topic, along with the
complimentary benefits of avoiding said risks.

“... the only thing we have to fear is… fear itself — nameless, unreasoning,
unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance.”
- Franklin D. Roosevelt

74

cognitive biases

THE BIAS: Prospect Theory & Loss Aversion

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

here’s what you do continued…
Urgency & Scarcity - On the offer level, we’ll want to design elements that can go away based on urgency or scarcity. For
example, we may offer a special bonus or discount that only the first X number of buyers will unlock (scarcity, only a
certain number are available). For urgency, we can also offer a bonus or discount for a limited period of time (urgency,
time-based perception of loss of benefits). The language (frame) we use to describe what will happen once the number is
met, or the time has expired, should primarily make it clear that it is a bad thing for them to miss out on the
opportunity.
Emphasize the risks to increase ‘risky behavior’. The 2 to 1 benefit to risk ratio - Unless you have more money than you
know what to do with all purchases are considered a ‘risk’, and as we’ve discussed our job in our marketing is to ‘dig out
of the risk hole’ that is there by default. We need to supply ample evidence that the benefits of purchase more than
double the risk of the purchase, while also amplifying the risks involved in not purchasing. Provide overwhelming value.
Tackling Illogical Fear - Knowledge & Reframing with a Staged FAQ Section - It’s also clear that there are many
misunderstandings about how risky aspects of our offer may be in the minds of our prospects. For example, they may
think that the time risk (how much time they need to actually benefit from our offer) is much higher than it is in reality.
Or, they may not accurately understand how “good of a deal” they’re actually getting when they purchase. Don’t assume
they understand these aspects correctly. Proactively address these ‘miscalculations’ with active objective handling.
We should anticipate these concerns (objections) and work to answer them in real-time within our marketing copy.
(More on this in ‘Defeating their Demons’ section of A’s of Influence)
Another very powerful way to do this is in what we might call a “Staged F.A.Q.” section.
In the Staged F.A.Q section, you can list out all the “potential miscalculations of risks” (objections) your audience may
have about your product, then, REFRAME them and provide clear information to counter the objection.
Example - Hypothetical training course on overcoming a painful personal issue.
Question: Doesn’t this take a lot of time to implement before I see results?
Answer: [validate concern] This is a very common concern, after all, you’re dealing with these problems now and need
help! It’s very important that these painful & destructive issues are addressed quickly, [answer objection] and that’s why
we’ve created a ‘Day 1: Fast Action’ quick start section of the training to help you start seeing results right away! While it
can take time to see all your desired changes fully manifested in your life, time and time again we’ve seen that it’s worth
it! With our fast action section, you’ll start seeing results on day 1, while also having the comfort in knowing that you’re
part of a program that’s designed to be sustainable in the long run… [reframe] While it can be tempting to search for a
fast (but temporary) solution that will inevitably fail, it’s clear that the best course of action is to invest in a program
designed to last for the long haul.

raising the stakes, without fear-mongering
You can emphasize the potential of loss without fear-mongering or being overly dramatic. Some
copywriters and businesses have taken loss aversion to the extreme. Practically preaching doom
and gloom to scare people into buying. Personally, I find this approach to be ethically questionable,
and quite frankly lazy. It’s flirting on the edge and often mingling with manipulation, especially
when the marketing materials present things that incredibly unlikely to happen as very likely.
Don’t be afraid to ‘raise the stakes’ by sharing the real potential risks to your audience, but dig for
deeper and more profound issues to explore than just surface-level ‘unlikely’ risks. Let’s say you’re
selling an opportunity to start a new kind of business. To me a life of unhappiness and lack of
fulfillment is a much more potent and realistic risk than the risk of being stuck in a dead-end job
or failing to start your own business. Perhaps it’s a bit more abstract, and risks being less tangible
of an argument, but it’s appealing to the universal needs and desires we all can understand.
When fine-tuned and well-considered these biases can serve our marketing well, while also
inspiring much-needed action & change in our audience.

cognitive biases 75

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

impact + frequency + time = winning message

THE BIAS: Mere Exposure Effect / Familiarity Principle
Context: There is a tendency to develop a preference for
something for no other reason than being familiar with it, it’s
been named the ‘mere exposure effect’ (psychology) and is also
called the ‘familiarity principle’ (social psychology). Its effect
has been observed in relation to everything from paintings
(mona lisa) to music to how often someone interacts with
another individual. In marketing terms, studies have
shown “ that each group exposed to the "test" banner
(shown regularly) rated the ad more favorably than other
ads shown less frequently or not at all.” (Fang, Xiang; Singh,
Surendra; Ahluwalia, Rohini - 2007) Though other studies
found that exposure can lead to ambivalence, and
“exposure is most likely to be helpful when a company or
product is new and unfamiliar to consumers.”

here’s what you do

[1] Fombrun, Charles; Shanley, Mark (1990). "What's in a Name? Reputation Building and Corporate
Strategy". The Academy of Management Journal. 33 (2): 233. [2] Brooks, Margaret E; Highhouse, Scott
(2006). "Familiarity Breeds Ambivalence". Corporate Reputation Review. 9 (2): 105–113 [3] Wikipedia
contributors. "Mere-exposure effect." Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia.

The practical application of this bias will not only help you create better messaging, but will also help you avoid
turning off advertising campaigns too soon. This is a common issue many new entrepreneurs face, they assume
their message isn’t working - when in reality they simply haven’t given enough time & frequency in the wild.
A conclusion we may draw from this effect is that people often have positive associations with things they’re
familiar with… and becoming familiar with something (or someone) results from repeated exposure. A pretty easy
bias to grasp, with the ‘illogical’ aspect being that the positive associations can form for no other reason than the
exposure. It’s been shown that this isn’t always the case. For instance, if someone already have a negative
association with the subject they may not automatically see it as “better” simply from more exposure.
For us, in the context of copywriting, I see this bias as a way to capitalize on how we frame the conversation and
how we structure our language and tone. In framing, we can associate our topic with things or people that our
audience is likely to already have positive associations with. In tone & language structure, we can use repeated
exposure to drive home important points, along with the added benefit of increasing the familiarity with our
points with repetition.

In the larger scheme of things as related to branding
& ad campaigns the ‘mere exposure effect’ also has
powerful implications. The more we focus on our
singular big ideas and arguments, the more the
likelihood of them being perceived positively.
“Staying on message” - repeatedly & consistently - is the name of the game.
77

cognitive biases

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

continued…

Tone & Language…
Anaphora & Epistrophe, “I have a dream…”, & the rule of 3

of note…

There are rhetorical devices (persuasive compositional techniques) related to

My own association of the ‘mere
exposure effect’ & these devices is,
I’ll admit, more of an observation &
thought experiment than anything
e l s e . T h e i r a s s o c i a t i o n i s n’ t
something I’ve found elsewhere,
and I can’t conclusively state that
the use of the ‘anaphora’ rhetorical
device reliably evokes the ‘mere
exposure effect’ biases. However,
the sheer volume of the use of
anaphora in many of the most
powerful speeches in history
should be cause for consideration.

the ‘mere exposure effect’ that can give us some ‘tone & language’ structure
to work with. The two related devices are termed ‘Anaphora & Epistrophe’
and, without getting too bogged down in their mechanics, basically relate to
the repetition of words or phrases in sequence.
Anaphora | From the Greek ἀναφέρω, "I repeat". A succession of sentences
beginning with the same word or group of words. Epistrophe has the same
meaning but is the succession of sentences with the same word or group of words
at the end of the sentences.
This device doesn’t gain its usefulness solely from the ‘mere exposure effect’.
It also seems to just have that magical & melodic impact that is birthed of
eloquent repetition. The emphasis on the keywords from that repetition is
also important, giving them added weight in our copy.

Let’s take a look at a few examples of it in use, then consider how & where we can use this technique.

I Have a Dream - Martin Luther King Jr.
‣ I say to you today, my friends, so even though we face the difficulties of today and
tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream.
‣ I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of
its creed: “We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.”
‣ I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and
the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of
brotherhood.
‣ I have a dream that one day even the state of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the
heat of injustice, sweltering with the heat of oppression, will be transformed into an
oasis of freedom and justice.
‣ I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they
will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.
‣ I have a dream today.

A Tale of Two Cities - Charles Dickens

“It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was
the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it
was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair.”

WWII Speech - Winston Churchill
“We shall not flag or fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and
oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our island,
whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in
the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills. We shall never surrender.”
Mere Exposure Effect / Familiarity Principle

78

cognitive biases

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1
Mere Exposure Effect / Familiarity Principle

pathos

A House Divided - Abraham Lincoln
syllogism argument

context: the national conflict caused by attempting to put an end to slavery.

ethos

^

In my opinion, it will not cease until a crisis shall have been reached and passed.
major premise

minor premise

allusion { quote by Jesus Mark 3:25
parallelism { connecting structure
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
metaphor { forecasting consequences of US during civil war

deduction { specific inference

I believe this government cannot endure, permanently, half slave and half free.
hypothesis { statement of belief
antithesis { contrasting ideas
anaphora { repetition of “I do"
I do not expect the Union to be dissolved — I do not expect the house to fall — but I do expect it will cease to be divided.
antithesis { contrasting ideas

conclusion

logos

claim { the primary point
It will become all one thing or all the other.
antithesis { contrasting ideas

Got a little carried away breaking this down… As you can see you can dive DEEP into rhetoric & language.
Our main concern in this discussion is anaphora but we’ll explore the other aspects of rhetoric later in this guide.

Tone & Language continued…
As I noted I can’t concretely place ‘anaphora’ and ‘mere exposure effect’ squarely in the same realm of influence. The ‘mere
exposure effect’ is a bias our brain uses to save us time (it is likely that something we see regularly is safe and therefore positive)
and the ‘anaphora’ rhetorical device is a way to organize words.
But it’s clear that ‘anaphora’ appeals at the emotional level of our audience, in order to persuade, inspire, motivate, and
encourage them… and, to me at least, seems to accomplish this with the same mechanics as ‘mere exposure effect’. Regardless,
its application for us is clear- the pleasant and persuasive nature of repetition in language combined with the fact that the
repeated exposure to things gives us a positive bias means that we should look for ways to use this in our own writing.
On the sales page for this book, I use ‘anaphora’ to emphasize my
points, while giving power to the tone of a list of items. I won’t go as
far as to say this is poetic, but it definitely has a rhythm to it. I’d say
it’s much easier to read then if I were to simply put these lines
together in a cohesive paragraph. The number of items also lends the
points some credit, the more the better right?
What to do: Look for ways to break up your copy into more digestible
bits, especially if you’re creating a list of related items. Press yourself
to find a rhythmic way to share the related information with ‘anaphora’.
Even if this were just for aesthetic reasons it would help you stand
out from everyone else, but with an understanding of how these
types of literary devices & biases can work together, we can see the
reason for use goes beyond just looking & sounding pleasing.
Also, look for ways to revisit to your core arguments again and again. In music, this is called ‘the chorus’ and the repetition is
designed to drive the piece home. On my sales page for this guide, I continually point back to ‘why copywriting is the #1 most
important entrepreneurial skill’ this is a reminder for our reader but also subtly plays into the ‘mere exposure effect’.

Learn what makes your readers heart sing. and compose them a beautiful melody.
79

cognitive biases

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1
Mere Exposure Effect / Familiarity Principle

Framing | Repeated Associations Repeated Associations
Many cognitive biases relate to positive or negative associations and ‘mere exposure effect’ is no exception.
It does this in a very important way. Bu repeated association of our offer, topic, brand, and message with
things/people that our audience already has positive associations will influence their viewpoint. On the
other side of the coin, we can continually compare and contrast the counterpoints (or competition)
of our offer with things our audience has negative associations with.
This builds on the gain/loss aversion we discussed in detail within ‘prospect theory’ and
‘loss aversion’ from our last section, so we won’t cover those specific tactics again.
Here we’re mainly concerned with the frequency.
in practice - Create a list of associations for your offer…
1.

Identify 3-10 things or people or values that your audience is likely
familiar with and has a positive association with.

2.

Identify 3-10 things, people, or values that your audience is likely
familiar with and has a negative association with.

3.

Write out how your offer or message relates to the positive items,
and how your offer/message is the antithesis of the negative.

Take my topic, copywriting for entrepreneurs, for example. A positive
association might be the value of “making money ethically &
sustainably”, I can craft a message that associates my offer (this guide)
with ethical and sustainable methods. Teaching my audience how my
guide is designed to promote growth, while not sacrificing ethics.
I can also identify a negative value - “not making sales”, and explain
why not following the methods in my guide is the reason why they’re not
making sales… elaborating on specific negative habits or actions that
likely are holding them back from success.
Multiple references to [this thing they already like] + [what I’m selling] +
[this thing they don’t like] + [how my offer helps them avoid that] is going to
build a compelling argument for why they should buy. Its power is in its
simplicity, and with the clear effect of building a new image for our offer in the
mind of our reader with positive associations.

Celebrity endorsements are an
easy example to point to, however
they’re generally out of the reach
of the average entrepreneur.
‘Influencer marketing’ is a space
you can look to instead. Look for
influencers in your own niche and
consider affiliate or flat payment
promotions.

Clever use of imagery can often say more than words.
What ways can you share positive or negative stories with your imagery?
80

cognitive biases

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

Mere Exposure Effect / Familiarity Principle

The Big Picture of Campaign Building & Staying on Message
It’s been shown that an increased frequency of exposure to your
message influences your audience in a positive way. We can infer
that this happens in a few critical aspects that can help us look at
this effect strategically.

It takes an average of 21 impressions
of a brand before it’s remembered.
- A statistic I remember but can’t find the source
for, I’ve probably seen it at least 21 times.

First, mere exposure to our message increases the familiarity
of it. That familiarity is a social level of trust, I wouldn’t go as
far as to conclude that “just because they know you means they
like you”, but more so in the way that you like “your” barista

more than a random one at the coffee shop. You may not even
know their name, but you know their smile and are comfortable
with them, merely because you see them regularly. It seems that
analogy can work for one of the more illogical aspects of this effect as well,
you will prefer a barista you don’t particularly like, to the one you don’t particularly know.
What this means: Be the barista they know. Tactically be sure to implement retargeting advertising and be ok
with increased frequency on individual ads… Not only does the increased frequency of your message exposure
and give them more opportunities to buy, but the sheer increase in visibility will also increase the positive
association via the familiarity principle.
Also, for anyone reading this who also manages their own ads, give your ads more time to build
exposure. Often we turn off ads too quickly, without giving them time to build up the
frequency (repeated exposure) they need to make an impression (heh).

The Legacy of Your Message
What do we want people to remember? Well, the old cliche “people may forget
what you said, but they won’t forget how you made them feel” is always my
guiding principle from a ‘bigger picture’ perspective. You can’t just
rely on ‘repeated exposure’ to win, bashing your audience over
the head with a message only goes so far… your message also
needs to be impactful in real, practical ways. That being
said, why not have both?

IMPACT
+ FREQUENCY
+ TIME
= WINNING
This simple formula works.
Got milk? ( started 1993) Just do it. (started 1988) What happens here, stays here. (started 2004) Tastes great, less
filling. (1970s) Good to the last drop. (started 1917) Melts in your mouth, not in your hands. (started 1954)
Breakfast of Champions. (started in 1927) The nighttime, sniffling, sneezing, coughing, aching head, fever so
you can get rest medicine. And 15 minutes could save 15% or more on car insurance.
81

cognitive biases

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

engine
fuel
Mere Exposure Effect / Familiarity Principle

Biases are an accelerant, not the engine
As the slogans on the previous page suggest, once you find a winning message you can run with it for a long time.
We don’t always need something profound or catchy (it doesn’t hurt) but we do need something that is clear and
easy to understand. One practical way to do this is to think in terms of slogans or tagline for our specific
marketing pieces… this is its theme. That theme can be used to unify several different messages or campaigns,
and should be founded on a core principle of belief. More on this in future sections of this guide.
In the end any and all biases, including the ‘mere exposure effect’, should be learned so they can be used to help
support our message. However, these pieces of the puzzle should always live secondary to our core message.
They are compliments, not the main driving force… accelerant for the engine that is your central theme.
So, if you find yourself looking at all these biases and feeling a bit overwhelmed - don’t worry, a well crafted
message can overcome any bias working against you; and very likely is taking advantage of many of the biases
that are working in your favor.

Focus FIRST on crafting the most impactful message possible,
and let your knowledge of these biases help you refine and
build momentum behind that message.

cognitive biases 82

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

THE BIAS: Anchoring Bias

thousands less than a college degree

People are often over-reliant on the first piece of information they hear. For example, a house for sale,
set either before or at the start of negotiations, sets an arbitrary focal point for all following discussions.
Prices discussed in negotiations that are lower than the anchor may seem reasonable, perhaps even
cheap to the buyer, even if the prices are still relatively higher than the actual market value.

how to apply it
Knowing that our reader may have preconceived notions about the price of our product/service will move us to
create our own anchor comparing our pricing with something they’re familiar with, and which sheds a
favorable light on our pricing.
Example: “Clearly you can see how valuable this system is for your own business! How much
would it cost you to hire a full time employee to do this for you? $50,000, $75,000, $100,000?
Even then you could justify the cost couldn’t you? Well we’ve made it much easier, and much
much more affordable for you at the low cost of only $2000!”
Anchor #1: The price of a new employee [expensive].
Anchor #2: Even at the price of a new employee, you could justify the cost.
Other Ways to Apply…
• Price comparison chart with our competitors.
• Compared to ‘trying to figure it out on your own’.
• Opportunity cost of not acting sooner.
In person or in writing this bias allows us to help our reader clearly see the value in what we’re selling.

THE BIAS: Bandwagon Effect

join over 10,000 happy customers!

A phenomenon whereby the rate of uptake of beliefs, ideas, fads and trends increases the more that they have
already been adopted by others. In other words, the bandwagon effect is characterized by the probability of
individual adoption increasing with respect to the proportion who have already done so.

how to apply it
Knowing that our reader are influenced by “the crowd” gives us quite a few pieces of ammunition to use in our
copy. We want to demonstrate that a.) they’re not alone in taking action, and/or b.) they may be left alone if they
don’t take action. This is where the “9 out of 10 dentists agree” phrase was born.
In our headlines we can use phrases such as “Most people already know…”, “Thousands Have Figured Out…”,
“Join Our 100s of Happy Customers”, “Tried & Tested by Dozens”, “Seen in Case after Case”
We’ll want to imply that they’re missing out if they’re not taking action. FOMO if a hell of a drug.
Testimonials… Lots of them. All over the place.
Tools that show “Richard just signed up!”. Emulate sites like hotels.com where it reports “12 people are viewing
this room”.
Bottom Line: Demonstrate that they’re not the first or last, and in-fact they’re one of many; or that they could
be… if they take action.
84

cognitive biases

COGNITIVE MANIPULATION PART 1

THE BIAS: Choice-supportive / Commitment Bias
The tendency to retroactively ascribe positive attributes to an option one has selected. if a person chooses option
A instead of option B, they are likely to ignore or downplay the faults of option A while amplifying those of option
B. Conversely, they are also likely to notice and amplify the advantages of option A and not notice or deemphasize those of option B.

how to apply it

you’ve made a great choice.

Good Move! In general our audience has made a choice to read our copy, buy our stuff, or use our services ~ let’s
help them feel positive about it. Buyers remorse kicks in when there isn’t enough reasons to justify the purchase
once the initial emotions wane, we must keep reminding them that it was a good decision; especially at hire price
points.
Ways to apply this principle…

• Before the sale: Near our ‘call to action’ show positive testimonials to reinforce the positive choice they’re
about to make.

• After the sale: Use positive language like “Good Job!, Awesome!, Great Choice!” in our follow up emails & in our
welcome emails. Also don’t forget to thank them for their purchase, that’s why we call it a thank you page.
Appreciation can go a long way to reduce refund rates.

• Unannounced bonuses (usually around the refund period) is a another way to add another positive touch point
in the post purchase the follow up. This can be enough to turn a possible refund into a happy customer.

This bias is already built in our favor, keep reinforcing the positive and address any possible negatives quickly.

THE BIAS: Pro-innovation bias

new and improved!

The belief that an innovation should be adopted by whole society without need of alternatives. The innovation’s
“champion” has such strong bias in favor of the innovation, that he/she may not see its limitations or weaknesses
and continues to promote it nonetheless. Simplified: Here’s awesome innovative thing, everyone should use it, and
those who don’t are dumb - even if it has flaws.

how to apply it
Our readers often have “shiny object syndrome” so we should polish up our offer by explaining why it’s
innovative, new, and exciting.
Ways to apply this principle…

• As we share our features and benefits explain why they’re innovative… A simple way to do this is to compare it
to the “old way” of doing something or simply state why it’s innovative directly.

• Example: “Our Soda Has Zero Sugar (feature) Which Keeps You Looking Great While Tasting Great (benefit)… We
Do This Without the Use of Nasty Sugar Substitutes
(Innovation).”

With Our Innovative Blend of Healthy Nutrients

• In our headlines we can literally start with the word innovative - “Innovative New Approach Unlocks Hidden
Potential in Lazy People in 3 Simple to Follow Steps.”

• Even if something isn’t innovative to us, it may be to our customer. “Innovative New Devise Lets You Call People

While In Your Car!” For someone who know’s what a cell phone is this isn’t innovative, but if they’ve never
heard of one? That’s innovative!
85

cognitive biases

method COGNITIVE MANIPULATION
PART 2

principles of

Propaganda

the poison & the antidote

How to (Carefully) Leverage
The ‘Dark Twin’ of Marketing
To Stand Out in An Ever More
Distracted & Apathetic World

Apate·the greek goddess of deception
The greek goddess of fraud, deceit, trickery, deception & guile. Cast to
the earth where she roamed for millennia sewing havoc and teaching
mankind the art of deception. When a lie fails, she has the ability to
twist a person's thoughts, to believe what she wants them to believe.
86

7FigureMarketingCopy.com

#4
Copywriting

Lead by translation.
Distill complexities into
everyday language.

Quickie

Your product features may be listed in jargon, but reveal their benefits in language everyone can
grasp. Clarity is next to godliness, it’s why the gospel (along with other “tome” texts) is so easy to
read, yet so impactful.

“If you can’t explain it to a six year old, you don’t
understand it yourself.”
– Albert Einstein

You may break this rule to prove a point, you can complicate things to demonstrate the power of
simplicity but use with caution. Aim for meaningful simplicity and you’ll hit your mark.

example
This breakdown of the features/benefits of the Panasonic GH5s camera is a good example of how to
merge features/jargon language with the benefits of those features…

87

method

Pain from an old wound.
The Perilous But Compelling Method for Conjuring The
Most Profound of Emotions In Your Reader

“This device, isn't a space
ship. It's a time machine.
It goes backwards, forwards.
Takes us to a place where
we ache to go again.”
- Don Draper, Mad Men

88

the pain from an old wound
You are happy. The orange clouds dipping with the
crest of the sun over the darkening horizon. The sun

You lean into the wind as you pick up your pace, it's
time to go. What was that red sweater? You try and

sets, creating room for rest and a chance to examine

shake it, to focus on the beauty of the evening. The

the day. Perhaps you’re on a beach, perhaps you live

hands pick you up, the comfort; you remember that

there or you’re just visiting, but here and now it

feeling of being warm and secure. You pause and look

doesn’t seem to matter how you got there. It is

back to the now turquoise gradient of the horizon.

beautiful. At the moment the sun vanishes from the

Then it hits you. It wasn’t here where you’ve been

horizon you take a deep breath. Relaxed. But,
seemingly flowing from the now greying horizon you

before, it was halfway across the world. You were
small, just a child, maybe 5 or 6.

feel something else. It can only be described as an
onset of a dull, waxing, pain… a sense of dread? No,
not exactly. It’s a bitter-sweet taste. At the edge of
your eye you feel a touch of a tear, in your gut a
sudden tightening, the edges of your lips furl as if
forcing down a harsh sobbing cry.
The moment passes. You take a deep
breath. What a strange feeling, you
think, a pulse of raw emotion
crawling up from depths of
the past. So distant you
can’t even place it with a
specific memory.
But it’s real.

didn’t give you that red sweater. But it was someone
you loved. Your grandpa. Yes! You remember! The
tightening of your gut returns, your lips almost give
way this time to a wrenching sob. It’s all you can do
but to fall to your knees and howl…
so you settle for the fall.
It’s not even that you miss him, you
do, but it’s more. You miss the
comfort of knowing it’s all
going to be ok. The feeling of
being held, not holding up
the world. You miss that
lost perspective as much as

You’ve been here before.

anything else.

Maybe it was a crash of a
wave, the softening

You grab the soft sand, you
stand. The pain slows, and at

contrast of water to sky, or

the same time, somehow -

something as small as the

you feel the warmth of the red

combination of salty air and

sweater, your red sweater. You

grains of sand on your feet. But
you know this place.
You turn your body from parallel with the horizon to
following it and begin to walk, arms crossed, what is
it? What is this feeling? Where did it come from?

feel a sudden comfort, you smile. He
always could make you smile, no matter
how much you protested. You take another
deep breath and close your eyes, enjoying the glimpse
of that feeling, the coolness of the night fades into a
warm glow in your chest. The bittersweetness of this

The coolness of the evening breeze hits you. A flash of

moment leaves you with something new, and yet,

a warm red sweater crosses your field of internal
vision. It’s small. You shake your head and continue

something unquestionably old.

walking. The red sweater wraps around you, brought
by a hand, a big hand. A friendly hand.

You’ve been here before.
89

The hands, someone you love, mom? Dad? No… they

This is nostalgia. A word that was born from the Greek words Nostos
(return home) Algos (pain). It’s that feeling triggered by sometimes
undefinable things in the present that help us to revisit our past. A
return home, revisiting a world where we held a different perspective
on the world around us. One, perhaps, with less pain and more joy.
Moments we now perceive as pure, but at the time may have just
seemed ordinary. It’s why a sunset can be beautiful and sorrowful. It’s
revisiting the subtext of our lives.
We all know its power because we have all experienced it. It’s the
reason why when you return to the town of your youth the first thing
you do is find an excuse to drive by your childhood home. Somethings
there, you’re not sure what, but you’re looking for it.

Emotionally charged,
rose-colored, and deeply
personal revisionist history
of our own experience of
the world, nostalgia is
looking through the
window of the mind into a

I’m revisiting the introduction of this section on Nostalgia because I
truly struggled with understanding it, both in marketing terms, and just
- in terms of life. I dragged my feet to my desk in the mornings as I put
the following pages together. It’s not that I didn’t know the mechanics,

past that probably never

I’ve used ‘nostalgia’ in my copy many times, I just wasn’t as comfortable
with the topic as others in this section.

it might have been.

I think it’s because it’s such a universal experience. One that is so
important to understanding the context of our life as it relates to the
past. The other cognitive biases or elements of human nature explored
in previous section are very, well, simple - our brains do weird things
with information, and marketing can tap into those things. Easy enough
to understand.
But this, nostalgia, it’s a whole different matter. It’s asking people to
revisit very powerful and influential emotions. I believe we as
marketers, and just humans in general, need to use it with the utmost
respect. Understanding that it can be a heavyweight we’re lifting on
the shoulders of our readers.

was but absolutely feels like
A seamless blend of
memory and fantasy,
nostalgia is a near-perfect
drug. Which is why it’s
such a potent tool.
- John Romaniello
Author ‘Once Upon a Sale’

Many of the marketing campaigns that center on nostalgia
today treat it light-heartedly. They throw in a stylized font,
some retro-sounding music, and some memorable oneliners from shows or movies long gone; and it creates a
fun throwback to the past. But that’s just pandering in
hopes of positive association. It can be effective, but it’s
also a lazy way to utilize the power of nostalgia.
We, as copywriters, can give this ‘feeling’, this experience,
so much more.
The following pages explore the mechanical means of how
this ‘nostalgia effect’ works, and we’ll look specifically at
techniques you can use in branding & writing. But, keep in
mind, if you truly desire to make an impact in your
audience’s life you must use nostalgia with respect for its
universal ability to influence emotions in unique ways. Use it
well and you can wield great influence, use it without respect and
you’re just another person exploiting emotions for personal gain.
90

Don Draper On Nostalgia
Watch (3 minutes) the full scene here: https://link.sean.co/mm-scene

Client 1: So have you figured out a way to work the wheel into it.
Client 2: We know it's hard because wheels aren't really seen as
exciting technology even though they are the original.
Don Draper: Well, technology is a glittering lure. But there
is the rare occasion when the public can be engaged on a
level beyond flash. If they have a sentimental bond with the
product.
My first job I was in-house at a fur company with this old
pro copywriter Greek named Teddy… Teddy told me the
most important idea in advertising is new. It creates an itch.
You simply put your product in there as a kind of, calamine
lotion. He also talked about a deeper bond with the product...
Nostalgia. - It's delicate… but Potent.
Teddy told me that in Greek, nostalgia literally means the pain from
an old wound. It's a twinge in your heart. Far more powerful than
memory alone.
This device, isn't a space ship. It's a time machine.

pect
s
r
e
ge P
han

It goes backwards, forwards. Takes us to a place where we ache to go again.
It's not called the wheel. It's called the carousel.
Let's us travel the way a child travels.
Around and around, and back home again.
A place... where we know where loved.

a Ca
i
g
l
ta
Nos

ive

nC

Good luck at your next meeting.
[end scene] … drop mic.

The Nostalgia Effect

how the brain processes nostalgia

Context: In cognitive terms reminiscing about the past has been shown to leave us wanting to spend
more now. Nostalgia weakens our desire to hold onto our money, instead fostering social connectedness.
(Lasaleta, Sedikides & Vohs (2014) Nostalgia weakens the desire for money. Journal of Consumer Research.) Why?
According to the study’s authors there seems to be links between nostalgia, social connections, and
one's desire for money. The process of rekindling fond memories activates pro-social behavior, and
seemingly gives priority to these vs. monetary concerns.
It’s the moment in the story where the darker aspects of a hero or villain are stayed by a reminder of
who they really are, what they stand for, revisiting their days of aspiration. Removing the ‘darkness’ of
the current world and changes the motives of the individual from destructive to productive.
The redemption moment. (Think - Star Wars - Darth Vader turning on the Emperor after being reminded
A Less Known Redemption Moment
In the short story, “Thank the Maker!”
published in Star Wars Tales #6, C-3PO
reawakened some of the good buried
within Darth Vader, during the events
of The Empire Strikes Back.

of who he was, and what he used to stand for, by his son.)
From a more literary Nostalgia is also engaging, comforting, and thought provoking. As Don Draper
puts it, delicate, but potent. It’s been used successfully by brands & politicians alike to leverage our
seemingly constant desire to return to ‘the good old days’. For us the importance of this bias is clear,
but let’s look at specific ways to apply it in our copy & marketing.
91

revisiting

the past with rose
colored glasses

how to apply it

REMEMBER
when?

often makes the
present more pleasant

nostalgia is a moment of magic
a brief retelling of a story that can never again be fully experienced.
It’s clear that nostalgia is a power frame of reference
tool we can use in our writing. Besides the finding
that while it's being experienced experiencing we
literally have our ‘desire to hold onto money’
weakened, there’s the common sense observation
that feeling nostalgic just feels delightful.

“The past is safe because it is completely predictable.
Connecting with the past through familiar, loved
brands transports people to another time by evoking
the same feelings they experienced so long ago.”
- Gregory Carpenter Professor of Marketing Strategy &
Director of Kellogg Markets and Customers Initiative

The things that trigger us to revisit ‘the good old
days’ in our memory hold special places in our
lives… a fact that everyone from advertisers to
Movie Studios have been taking advantage of
for a very long time. The billions of dollars
raked in annually from movie reboots

proven
effects of nostalgia

and films that specifically pander to the
nostalgia of the past are proof enough
of its effectiveness. Everyone seems to
be on the nostalgia train. But is it just
for big budget companies with money to

enhanced positive self regard
provide existential meaning

increased social connectedness

improved mood

promote psychological growth

& likely

increased sales

burn?
Let’s look at how us “small guys” can utilize
nostalgia in our own copy & marketing. There
are two key ways: with visuals & music, and with
the, again, with how we frame our message.
First let’s look at the two levels in our marketing
where nostalgia is useful, even for small business &
upstart entrepreneurs.

Level 1: At The Company & Product Level
Demographic Target Specific Branding

&

Level 2: At the Campaign Level
The Throwback & The Touchstones

THE BIAS: Nostalgia Effect

92

LEVEL 2

product
branding
LEVEL 1

company
branding

LEVEL 3

campaigns

demographic target specific branding
Nostalgia Level 1&2 At The Company & Product Level
We’ll touch on nostalgia at the branding level only briefly since it’s more likely that you’ll want
to take advantage of its usefulness at the campaign level. There is a case to be made for using
nostalgia at the brand level, and a case for avoiding its use. IF your offer has a very specific
target audience age range, a specific generation that you only want to target, the brand level
‘nostalgia’ route may be a good choice. Most copywriting strategies, however, are at the
campaign level, but it’s good to have an understanding of why a company might have a nostalgia
based brand, especially if you write copy as service.
We’re not just talking logos & taglines here, we’re talking about the core mission of the business
itself. The advantage of a nostalgic approach to your brand is that you’re able to connect
emotionally with a very specific audience. But the risk, of course, is alienating everyone else that
doesn’t “get the reference” of your nostalgic branding.

Branding, Heritage, & a Shared History
Companies like Coco-Cola, for example, often calls back to its heritage at the highest levels of its
marketing & branding, but it also isn’t afraid to use specific campaigns to target nostalgia of
different generations. “Heritage” being the keyword here, if your company has a long history
with an interesting story, then the nostalgia frame might also be a great place to start. Another
approach that works well is associating your brand with the ‘heritage’ of an idea, value, cuase, or
belief system. If your market is, for example, is a specific religion, highlighting your shared
heritage of that religion in your branding is an effective approach.
Again, at the “business branding” level ‘nostalgia’ should be used with caution and with a real
consideration of its implications… However, at a specific product branding level certain
products can benefit from being branded with the nostalgia ‘rose colored’ tint. This can
commonly be seen in food & beverage products (think wine labels). ‘Vintage’ design
does well to project both a link to the past, and a well established
(and therefore reliable) presence.
Put Simply: At the company level consider nostalgic branding elements
when you target only one core demographic. At product level consider
using nostalgic branding especially in the case of physical products or
services that deal heavily with ‘security’ or one core demographic.

Remembers
“Remember what’s good"
see the ad

https://link.sean.co/pfr

Nostalgia Insights
• Nostalgia marketing
influences emotions in
ways that influence
purchase decisions.
• Nostalgia is “time
dependent”, the shared
experience of a selected
time period generally*
selects the demographic.
• * Generally because, in
some cases a future
generation can appreciate a
nostalgic association from a
past generation.
Example: resurgence of
Polaroid Cameras & Vinyl
Records among millennials.

For most, the branding level is going to remain the area of the
‘here & now’ and/or ‘the future’. “New and innovative” are also
powerful frames, and should likely be prioritized. The area where
most will leverage nostalgia is at the ‘campaign level’.
93

#6
Copywriting

Fonts style and design
matter. When in doubt
aim for legibility and
simplicity.

Quickie

If your copy can sell from a plain word document imagine how much better will do
when it’s all dressed up in a well-balanced design.
Design should complement your words, bringing focus to your main points and play
……….…… with the flow
……..……..…….. of your message to engage the reader.

Even though there are many rules behind capturing great design, it is often a “know it when I see
it” art. If it feels unbalanced or “off”, that’s because it is. Just like great music is known when
it’s heard. The best musicians don’t start with a full orchestra too compose, they start
with a few simple keys on the piano and build from there.

Similarly, as we are placing our copy into the design - start
with simple and slowly ramp up the complexity if needed.

T

Typography is the craft of endowing human
language with a durable visual form.”
- Robert Bringhurst, The Elements of Typographic

98

method

Craft Key Points With
Community Arbitrage
How to Harness The Power of Community
to Create Lists of Benefi t’s That Your Leads Actually Care About

99

Comm

unity

Arbitr
age

"You never really
understand a person until you
consider things from his point of view...
Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it*."
— Harper Lee (To Kill a Mockingbird)
* ew. way to be overdramatic Harper Lee.

2400 words. That’s the number of words an
average person writes per day (based on a stat I
just made up). I'm sure there's a stat out there
somewhere, but you don't need a specific number
to know just how important writing is to our
daily lives. Most people write with the goal of
accomplishing tasks, without much thought to
the structure or deeper meaning behind the
words…
This lack of attention to not just what you’re
saying, but HOW you’re saying it is dangerous.
It can be the difference between closing a deal
and failing; and that failure might just serve as
the catalyst for you giving up. Ok maybe that’s
just as dramatic as Harper’s reference to
crawling into someone's skin, but you get the
point.
I'm sure you send at least one piece of writing
out daily that is critical to the success of your
business or goals. It could be a simple email to
your team trying to get them to use the frickin'
CRM you paid out the rear for, or it may be to a
customer asking them (nicely) to send over
payment for services rendered. Even some of the
more important pieces of writing we do, say an
email to 100,000 person email list, can be
scratched out in a whim without any real thought
to who’s actually reading it.

Granted, much of what we write isn't all that
significant, but there are key pieces that really
deserve extra attention.
One of the most critical for entrepreneurs to
consider is marketing copy... copy that, as
entrepreneurs, is the life-blood of every sale every dollar - we make. Even if you're not an
entrepreneur (yet) I'm sure you've seen awesome
marketing copy in action. We've all purchased a
course, bought a book, invested in a mastermind,
based on eloquently crafted marketing copy…
whether we’d like to admit it or not.
One of the most practical ways I know to
improve ones writing is to get into the head of
my reader (not literally, Mrs. Harper Lee)...
study their pains, recognize their fears, muse on
their desires.
It's not easy to slip into someone else's swimsuit,
it doesn't always fit right - and sometimes their
style just makes no sense to us. BUT, it's a key
part (if not the key part) of creating writing that
drives action.
... and we can't do any of that without one key
emotion.

EMPATHY.
100

The Key To Understanding

Empathy.

Yes empathy is the emotion we need to connect
with people we love, while also the same emotion
we can use to better understand why our idiot boss
made the ridiculous decision to hire Tammy. It's a
powerful emotion and a foundation of persuasion...
(key) You can't persuade someone effectively if
they don't feel like you understand them first.
Here's what Siri told me when I asked my iPhone
what empathy was...
"Empathy is the capacity to understand or feel
what another person is experiencing from within
their frame of reference, that is, the capacity to
place oneself in another's position. There are many
definitions for empathy that encompass a broad
range of emotional states. Types of empathy
include cognitive empathy, emotional empathy,
and somatic empathy.” - Neat!
[tactical advice] How do we explore empathy
with our "target audience" (kinda hate that term)
- and what separates those who truly understand
their plight and joys vs. those who "just don't get
it"?
First off — just remember, everyone has empathy;
well except psychopaths. It's the cringy pain you
feel for the subject of Michael Scott's nonsense on
NBC's The Office... It's the joy you feel for a close
friend who finally accomplished that lifetime goal
of publishing a book (Joy right, not envy? Yes joy.)
In short, everyone has it to give; and everyone
desires it from others.
Secondly, specifically to the point of writing copy,
we can use what I like to call the ‘Community
Arbitrage” research method that I’ve put together
for you to follow — this method is going to help
you “climb inside the skin*” of your audience...
* seriously such a weird metaphor.
Use this list to create hyper-converting copy for
your marketing. Add it to sales pages, email’s,
registration pages, Advertisements, you name it.
101

Bullet Points Summarize What Matters Most To Your Reader.

Key Term: “Bullet Point”
Before we dive into this method we need to understand one critical term as it relates to copywriting. That term
is “bullet point”. In most writing the ‘bullet point’ is used to summarize or collect a list of related points; with
copy they’re used similarly but with one key difference. The focus of the bullet points aren’t so much summation
of information as they are a collection key benefits to the reader. They can be a collection of features as well,
but it’s important that each feature have a clear benefit attached.

✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

Bullet points are your headlines best friend.
They summarize key features and benefits.
They guide your reader down the page.
They’re great for reaffirming the headline’s claims.
They can contain open hooks and calls to action.
and so much more…

Bullet Point Formula
(Feature) + (Benefit) + (Benefit of that benefit)
for example…
๏ KEEP THEM ON YOUR PAGES LONGER!

Bounce rates are a good indication of how engaging your content is,
boost engagement with these specifically engineered questions to
instantly increase your conversion rates!

Bullets can also serve as a hook. For
example this webinar page contains a list of
curiosities that open a loop in the readers
minds. These open loops are only get closed
if the reader actually attends the training. If
the goal is to entice rather than to
summarize then you can forgo the
wordiness that comes with feature/benefit/
benefit of benefit structure and stick with
simple, straightforward, hooks.

102

Question: How can we explore EMPATHY with our audience?
One way is to examine Amazon reviews. May seem like a strange place to
start, but follow these steps experience the power of an authentic, heartfelt
review of a book related to our niche.

Step #1 Go to amazon.com's book section and select the niche of your

product. Sort by best sellers or featured. Find a book that closely
relates to your product or copy topic.

Step #2

Below our book is the reviews section, by default these are sorted
by “most helpful” which is great because we’re going to ‘crowd
source’ our search for features and benefits.
We’re wanting to highlight “interesting”
parts of the review, we’re trying to identify
what made it so helpful to other readers.
You can even copy the
top 10 or so reviews into
a document and highlight
key points.

For this example we’ll be writing copy
for a product in the self help niche.
103

Community Arbitrage
Breaking down our review into key components.

Step #3 Here I’ve highlighted in yellow the points that speak to the inner

dialog of the reader, things they may personally be doing or not
doing. In red are the points that pull on the emotions of the reader.

we want to extract the “essence” of the points as they apply
Step #4 Now
to our (self help) product. This can apply to both headlines and

“I've put my personal growth on the
back burner for entirely too long.”

Bullet

Statement

bullet points, or heck even a full piece.

• Feel like you’ve put your personal growth on the back
burner for too long?
• Our program helps you prioritize what really matters,
without costing you all your free time.

104

Community Arbitrage
More example components from the review…

• Creating valuable relationships is difficult at any age; learn
how shifting your focus to improving yourself can serve as a
magnet for attracting new positive relationships into your life!

• Ever feel that ‘something must be wrong with me’? You’re not

alone, learn how to identify specifi c parts of “the self destruction”
puzzle that contribute to these feelings, and how to conquer them!

• Learn how to effectively overcome the habit of ‘blaming others’
for your problems; allowing you to rebuild broken relationships,
unblock positive momentum, and stop the cycle of self destruction.

• Tired of collecting self help books, expensive therapists, and the

‘pharma-fix’ gauntlet of antidepressants? You’ll experience in our
training one of “the easiest” solutions that most avoid even attempting!

Our bullet points can be short and to the point, or longer to expand upon the idea.
Keep in mind that there are no hard set rules on any of this except: If it’s true, and
it’s a benefit to the reader, it’s worth sharing.
105

Community Arbitrage
Headline

Connecting the dots…

“A [Uniquely Powerful] Approach To [Overcoming
Self Sabotage], And Why Many Have Embraced
The Unique Strategy of ‘Self Command’. ”
[Soft CTA / Sub Headline]
Register for Today’s Free Training to Finally Learn…
[Bridges the gap between headline & Bullet points]

• Creating valuable relationships is difficult at any age; learn
how shifting your focus to improving yourself can serve as a
magnet for attracting new positive relationships into your life!

Bullets

• Ever feel that ‘something must be wrong with me’? You’re not

alone, learn how to identify specifi c parts of “the self destruction”
puzzle that contribute to these feelings, and how to conquer them!

• Learn how to effectively overcome the habit of ‘blaming others’
for your problems; allowing you to rebuild broken relationships,
unblock positive momentum, and stop the cycle of self destruction.

• Tired of collecting self help books, expensive therapists, and the

‘pharma-fix’ gauntlet of antidepressants? You’ll experience in our
training one of “the easiest” solutions that most avoid even attempting!

[Hard CTA]
Click Here to Register/Download/Buy & Unlock Your Full Potential

106

Community Arbitrage
bullet point exercise…
๏ Based on the above image write one “feature/benefit/b.o.b. bullet point” for this
camera gimbal*. Look up similar products on Amazon & read the reviews.
๏ Consider the following questions…
๏ What’s one feature that would catch the attention of the potential buyer.
๏ How could that feature make their life easier compared to not having it? or.
How can that feature improve the quality of their work?
๏ How can “making their lives easier” benefit them?

feature list example
๏
๏

Feature Lists Have Their Place - Especially In Physical Products
Notice that they simply don’t provide any context on why the
feature is important or matters to the reader.

benefit list example
๏

Much better at explaining “why” the
feature matters, but still missing some key
benefit pieces.

* camera gimbal: link.sean.co/ca-eg1

107

#5
Copywriting

Grammar matters… but
not that much.

Quickie

“A synonym is a word you use when you can’t spell
the other one.”
– Baltasar Gracián

Learn a functional grasp of grammar, and when in doubt, hire an editor. But don’t forget, marketing
copy isn’t about perfecting parts of speech as much as it is about getting the point across, and many
times that core function will override form.
Similar to how spoken language often isn’t grammatically correct, “Casual” is ok if your audience is
casual. Google searches a doctoral dissertation and you will see what a grammatically correct but
tedious piece of writing looks like.
As much as selling and marketing are about informing our audience, it’s also about doing so in a way
that doesn’t distance them with formalities.
Below is the open source (free) version of Elements of Style by William Strunk.
A great place to start for any would-be grammar nut, and great advice even for those
(like myself) who could use some brushing up…

https://link.sean.co/elements
108

“There are times when the ocean is not the ocean-not blue,

not even water, but some violent explosion of energy and

danger: ferocity on a scale only gods can summon. It hurls

itself at the island, sending spray right over the

top of the lighthouse, biting pieces off the

cliff. And the sound is a roaring of a

beast whose anger knows no limits. Those
are the nights the light is needed most.”

― M. L. Stedman - The Light Between Oceans

method

know. like. trust.
challenge. convert.
Getting people to Know, Like & Trust You is the foundation
of a sale, but there’s more to do if you want to close the deal.

109

Know Like Trust Challenge Convert
Getting people to Know, Like & Trust You is the foundation
of a sale, but there’s more to do if you want to close the deal.

Selling is a lot like dating, but with less sexual tension (ideally).

You’ve probably heard the “know like trust” sales terminology before, and it’s an extremely important step in
making a sale. There’s a simple way to accomplish all three, and that’s to teach your prospect something that
helps them to get a desired result. Email is perfect for this, but the principle applies anywhere. Our goal is to get
them to see you, hear you, and get to experience the positive results you share.
First let’s cover some way’s to get your audience to…
Know You: It’s clear that people don’t just buy based on the facts and figures. There is a lot of emotion involved in
a purchase, especially as the price gets higher. Your story is actually important to WHY you’re selling what you’re
selling - if you or your product can connect on a personal level with the customer, you win.
Like You: Don’t be afraid to show a little humor. We’re naturally drawn to the right kind of humor, and it never
hurts to keep things entertaining while you’re teaching. Also, sharing personal stories that you can wrap into the
teaching, is a perfect way to find a common ground with your audience.
Trust You: Don’t be afraid to share your successes. If you’d rather have others share them for you, video
testimonials are a fantastic way to do this.
Note: challenge and convert are the last two steps… more on that later.
If you accomplish this by the end of the first set of email follow up, or each individual email for that matter,
you’re on your way to the sale. The second half of this process is where a lot of people drop the ball, and it’s often
not given enough attention in the sales process.
Action Item: When you put together a marketing piece, ask yourself, “What are some relatable attributes of
myself or my brand that would bring my reader into my world?”
110

Principle: Never underestimate peoples ability to change
their minds if you guide them to their “promise land”.

Challenge Accepted.

As we’ve discussed, many people assume that the

Ok great, they’re on the list of possible hires. Then

best of the best sales reps are those who focus on

someone comes in and says; “You don’t need a

building close personal relationship with the

website, you need an online lead generation funnel!”.

customer. Logically it makes sense that the better

They go on to teach you what a lead generation

the relationship we have with the customer, the

funnel is, how it works, and how it can add X

more likely we are to make a sale.

amount of leads per month to your business,
increasing potential revenues $Y amount per

While this is true to a certain point, they found

month. You see, you thought you needed a

that the best of the best are those who CHALLENGE

traditional website, and the “solution” providers

their prospects perspective on the problem, and

catered to what you thought you needed, where as

offered an alternative problem and solution to the

the “challenger” actually taught you what you

REAL problem; along with guiding them through

really needed and sold you the potential results.

the buying process.

We need to be the last vendor, challenging leads

For example, let’s say you want to hire someone to

on what they THINK they need, and selling them

build a website for your business. You have a

the right solution to the right problem. This

pretty good idea of what you want on your

mindset change is called a “eureka moment,” and

website, a home page with a mission statement,

almost always results in a closed deal.

an about page, a contact page - you know, all the
traditional pages you see on business websites.

Action Item: When you put together a marketing

You talk to a few vendors who tell you some price

piece, ask yourself, am I challenging my customer

points, and their impeccable record with

to think differently about their problem?

customers.

111

“The Benefit of The Benefit”

Principle: Sell Insights, Not Solutions
This builds on the challenge and convert principle.
As noted above, customers are generally wrong
with what they think they need. Our job as a
“solutions provider” is to convince them that our
product or service is actually what they need. Once
we’ve challenged them on what they think, and
provided a eureka moment, it’s time to close the
deal with the ‘benefit of the benefit’.

You don’t have to say, “Imagine having more leads
so that you could have more money and more time
to spend with your family.” The customer’s
imagination will do that for you, all by saying a
few magic words - “Imagine what more leads
could mean for you and your business.”
“Teach to Transform to Transact.”
Our email series is riddled with these subtle
imagination triggers, whether it’s through
testimonials sharing their results and the results
of those results, or directly asking people to
imagine the results, we draw our audience into an
emotional state that’s going to help close the deal.
People don’t buy because of facts and figures, they
buy because of emotion.

Going back to the “lead generation funnel” sales
vendor example above, he first provided an
alternative path to the results the business actually
needs. They don’t need a home, about, or contact
website - they need a website that generates real
leads. Then he explained the benefits, more leads
and revenue for the business. We can take this one
step further with ‘the benefit of the benefit’.

How to apply these principles in your business.
You may not go and build a seven figure, four video
launch sequence for your product or service, but
you can take these principles and apply them into
your sales presentations, your pitches, and your
online marketing. If you add these principles into
your sales pages, emails, and videos you will see an
increase in conversions.

Infomercials do this almost comically: “Tired of
being rejected at the bar because of your bad
hairline!? It’s time you got the attention you
deserved by buying XYZ hair growing product!”.
The benefit of the benefit here is stopping
rejection at the bar. They’re not selling a hair
product, they’re selling a confidence product.
Answer this question: What are you really selling?
Sell that, not your solution.
We don’t have to be so over the top - but back to
our example - all the vendor has to do now, is
plant the idea of what extra leads could do for a
business and the owner...

Armed with this knowledge, go look at what sales
tools you currently have in your business. Chances
are most of them are missing elements of the
above principles.

Next:
112

Know, Like, Trust, Challenge Convert Campaign

Email Templates - Email #1
Email #1 - Know Email - Answer These Questions to Brainstorm Email 1
Who are they getting to know?
This can be yourself, your brand, your product… or
even “themselves” (more on this in Method 8).
Usually it’s all of the above.

Subject: Welcome, you’re gonna love this…

Why should they be excited about getting to
know you?
This isn’t just about your accomplishments, it’s
more-so about projecting the benefits of getting to
know you.

Over the next couple of emails we’re going to dive deep into how
you can massively boost your businesses traffic, leads, and sales
through the wildly popular marketing tools available online...

What about you will help them to accomplish
their goals?
Often this is related to case studies of how you’ve
helped others, but can also relate to mistakes the
reader has probably made that you have solved for
yourself and/or others.
When did you get started in your industry?
Giving context is important. Your story, when told in
relation to the readers situation, can go a long way to
creating a strong connection.
What events lead up to you getting started in
your industry?
What were you tired of, what got you excited, and
how did it drive you to where you are now?
Add call to action…
In the example to the right I’m selling them on
watching the video, not the product.
Add cliffhanger... (after you answer the questions
about email #2)
Open a loop to the next email.

Body:
Thanks for signing up to get the 7x conversion boot camp!
Don’t worry, we’re not going to be making you do any push ups...

BEFORE we dive into the tools and amazing techniques that will
change the way you look at generating results online, it’d be a good
idea for us to get to know each other a bit better!
My name’s Sean Vosler, and I’m a lot like you - for one, I consider
myself ‘just a normal guy’ who just happens to be really good at
generating traffic, leads, and sales for my businesses... mostly
online, and for the most part automating the process so I can focus
on the things I love in my life... Mainly my lovely wife, my little boy
Ren - (and a crazy corgi named Roo - but that’s a whole other
story...)
It’s important to me that you understand the importance of
knowing what to focus on FIRST when marketing online, I’ve
seen first hand why it seems like 90% of online marketing
efforts fall flat on their face... and it’s ALL about focus.
GRAB A PEN AND PAPER AND SET ASIDE 5 MINUTES FOR THIS
VIDEO (don't make fun of my awesome hat ;)
Click Here to learn all about the importances of Focus and how
harnessing it is the first step in creating any long term business
success… [5 min video]
Trust me, you’ll be happy you set aside a few minutes to spend
with me on this video. Some might consider this approach
somewhat simplified, but that’s the beautiful thing about this
method. It’s the number one mental factor that’s helped me build
several 7 figure businesses over the years.
Check Out The Video Here!
Thanks again,
Sean Vosler
PS. now that you know a little about me, why don’t you tell
me a little bit about yourself on our Facebook wall? Click Here
and tell me all about your business and your life!
PPS. tomorrow I’m going to shoot over a quick note about
‘the small business problem’, something that if most businesses
knew about when they started they’d be much closer to a 6 or
even 7 figure business… keep an eye out - Or better yet add
me@sean.co to your email contacts!
114

Email Templates - Email #2
Email #2 - Like Email - Answer These Questions to Brainstorm Email 2
What people or organizations do you like to
associate yourself with?
What principles and values do you like to be
associated with?
Where did you grow up and how did it affect
your current views on business?
What do you enjoy most about your business?
(in context of your customers)
Add cliffhanger... [open loop]

Subject: the small business problem
In my last email we got to know each other a bit
better, and we talked about the #1 thing you need
to focus on FIRST in any business venture. But
there’s a problem... we’ll really it’s a problem with
small businesses in general today.
Whether you run your own business or work for someone in
their business, there is one universal truth when it comes to a
businesses success.. A business isn’t a business without SALES.
Before I understood this concept fully I seemed to be lost in a sea
of questions. Mostly: “what’s the next step to success that I’m
missing”? I felt lost, confused, and had a lot of anxiety around
what the ‘next step’ should be.
I felt frozen… but once I shifted my focus to SALES, all the pieces
started to come together.
Nowadays I absolutely LOVE working with people who shift their
focus to sales, why? It’s incredibly satisfying to help someone
refine their sales techniques and watch their business boom. I’m
sure you’d agree that there’s nothing better than watching others
reach their goals with your product or service.
Now, if your business isn’t making sales, you’re not going to see
next year, maybe not even next month. Even if it is, if you’re
killing yourself trying to get the sale - you’re going to get burnt
out FAST leading to the same result... a failed business.
I’m a big believer in once you understand a problem it’s your
responsibility to take the steps to fix it... to find the solution!
So what’s the “traffic, leads, and sales” solution?
Hate to leave you with a cliffhanger but the solution
is a WHOLE email in itself... keep an eye on your inbox for
tomorrow's email…
Don’t worry I’m not going to leave you empty handed: For now
check out this quick video I shot for you covering the two thing’s
you need to do before you start working about sales… Click here!
Thanks again,
Sean Vosler
Ps. have you had a chance to check out our community of
entrepreneurs and small business owners? We’ve also added a
ton of great training (we’re talking $5k worth) just for our
members... You should check it out here... now :)
(btw we also have exclusive pricing you’re only going to find in
these emails! Click here for more details)
115

Email Templates - Email #3
Email #3 - Trust Email - Answer These Questions to Brainstorm Email 3
What are some personal details they would
find interesting about you?
Who do you associate yourself within the
industry?
How have you helped others to be successful?
How has your income generated through your
own methods helped you live a more fulfilling
life?
Add cliffhanger [open loop]...

Subject: Sleeping on the tennis court
Life throws some interesting curve balls in our path
doesn’t it? I’m sure we could sit around a camp fire
together and share some doozies.
It doesn’t seem that long ago that I found myself literally
sleeping on a tennis court because I didn’t have the
means to live anywhere else at the time. Thank goodness
that wasn’t a long term arrangement...
I’m now blessed with a 7 figure business that provides
me with the ability to help individuals grow their
business to the size they need it to be…
You see, it’s not about how much you or your business
is generating, it’s about generating the amount you
need to accomplish your goals, and more importantly,
be happy. The number is different for everyone.
One of the first steps anyone needs to make to generate
more income is to simply… realize money is a TOOL,
nothing else. This can be a big mindset adjustment for
some.
Once you realize this you’re heading in the right
direction of building a solid foundation for your
business.
The reason I’m telling you this in this email is that
I’d like your thoughts on what makes a business succeed.
On the bottom of this site we have a section where you
can share your thoughts with me, and others, on what
you believe really makes a business successful - Click
Here to share your thoughts.
Tomorrow I’m going to share Sarah’s story with you...
Chances are, you’re probably in the same boat as she is.
Until then,
Cheers!
Sean Vosler

116

Email Templates - Email #4
Email #4 - Challenge Email - Answer These to Brainstorm Email 4
What are some industry assumptions that
you’ve proved wrong with your business /
product / service?
What has driven your success that is contrary
to popular belief?
What is the #1 problem facing your customers
business?
How did you find the answer to that problem?
What unrecognized needs do your customers
have?
What is the REAL problem your customer has
that they don’t know about?
How are you going to guide them to the
solution?
Add cliffhanger... [open loop]

Subject: Sarah’s Story
Hello again, Sean here - if you’re having a stressful day maybe this story will
help...
Let me tell you a little story about a woman named “Sarah”.
Sarah was really good at making websites - so good in fact, she decided
instead of working for a company building them she would strike out on her
own! She’d
quit the 9 to 5 and fast-track her way to building her own website building
empire, or just simply not have a crazy boss anymore.
One problem, though she had orders coming in, she constantly had to worry
about every other side of her the business that she really didn’t consider when
she started...
She became the accountant, the customer support manager, the sales and
marketing director, and oh yea, the web designer!
Before too long, she realized that she had exchanged the 9am to 5pm job for
the 5am to 9pm job... Not a fun place to be!
With all these other responsibilities she started to see sales decline - she just
didn’t have the time to focus on lead generation for her business... She simply
didn’t have the tools in place to generate traffic and leads for her business.
Chances are you’ve experienced this to some measure. I know early on this
was a big issue I faced in my business. Ultimately it lead me to make huge
changes in the way I run my business.
I started to look at people in similar businesses as mine, and living the
lifestyle that I wanted to live. I started diving into the training they offered
and worked diligently to change the way I look at and run my business.
In my first couple emails we focused on the importance of ‘sales’, but as
Sarah’s familiar story illustrates; the systems after the sale need to be solid
so that you can scale your business WITHOUT burning yourself out.
SO here’s your challenge - take a look at your business from 40,000 feet. If
you were on the outside looking in - what would YOU change right now to
make your business?
Would it be one of the following?
- boosting traffic to your website to generate more leads?
- optimizing your lead funnels to generate more sales?
- simply finding the right sources for leads?
- sifting through the countless methods of generating leads & focusing
on the right ones for your business?
The traditional mindset on for business is to simply POWER THROUGH the
problems. Where what you really need to do is systematize your business.
This is what 100% of successful businesses do.
Keep an eye on your inbox for tomorrows email where we’re going to show
you how “Sarah” solved her ‘big small business problem’... trust me you’re
going to love the end of this story :)
Till tomorrow,
Sean Vosler
Ps. in the meantime we have a special on-demand webinar
on business automation you should watch! Sign Up Here
Pss. did you sign up for that webinar yet? ;)

117

Email Templates - Email #5
Email #5 - Convert Email - Answer These to Brainstorm Email 5
What is the real solution to the problem?
How did it make you feel when you found the
solution to the problem?

Subject: Sarah’s Story
Hello again, Sean here - if you’re having a stressful day maybe this story will
help...
Let me tell you a little story about a woman named “Sarah”.

What measurable effects will your customers
experience when they follow your method?

Sarah was really good at making websites - so good in fact, she decided
instead of working for a company building them she would strike out on her
own! She’d
quit the 9 to 5 and fast-track her way to building her own website building
empire, or just simply not have a crazy boss anymore.

Number one reason they should take action
now.

One problem, though she had orders coming in, she constantly had to worry
about every other side of her the business that she really didn’t consider when
she started...
She became the accountant, the customer support manager, the sales and
marketing director, and oh yea, the web designer!
Before too long, she realized that she had exchanged the 9am to 5pm job for
the 5am to 9pm job... Not a fun place to be!
With all these other responsibilities she started to see sales decline - she just
didn’t have the time to focus on lead generation for her business... She simply
didn’t have the tools in place to generate traffic and leads for her business.
Chances are you’ve experienced this too some measure. I know early on this
was a big issue I faced in my business. Ultimately it lead me to make huge
changes in the way I run my business.
I started to look at people in similar businesses as mine, and living the
lifestyle that I wanted to live. I started diving into the training they offered
and worked diligently to change the way I look at and run my business.
In my first couple emails we focused on the importance of ‘sales’, but as
Sarah’s familiar story illustrates; the systems after the sale need to be solid
so that you can scale your business WITHOUT burning yourself out.
SO here’s your challenge - take a look at your business from 40,000 feet. If
you were on the outside looking in - what would YOU change right now to
make your business?
Would it be one of the following?
- boosting traffic to your website to generate more leads?
- optimizing your lead funnels to generate more sales?
- simply finding the right sources for leads?
- sifting through the countless methods of generating leads & focusing
on the right ones for your business?
The traditional mindset on for business is to simply POWER THROUGH the
problems. Where what you really need to do is systematize your business.
This is what 100% of successful businesses do.
Keep an eye on your inbox for tomorrows email where we’re going to show
you how “Sarah” solved her ‘big small business problem’... trust me you’re
going to love the end of this story :)
Till tomorrow,
Sean Vosler
Ps. in the meantime we have a special on-demand webinar
on business automation you should watch! Sign Up Here
Pss. did you sign up for that webinar yet? ;)

118

copywriting

MADNESS
copywriting frameworks to apply the methods to

“Have I gone mad? - I’m afraid so. But let me tell you
something, the best people usually are.”
- Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland
130

let’s dive in…
introduction to madness and what this section is all
about.
how to use the frameworks with the methods

“Have I gone mad? - I’m afraid so.
But let me tell you something, the
best people usually are.”
- Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland

131

framework .1

the A’s of influence
The Foundation of Successful Sales, Marketing &
Copywriting is Understanding the Craft of Persuasion
134

A
The A’s of Influence
The Foundation of 7 Figure Marketing

to change a mind and make a sale…

“First we have to capture their attention through
the power of appeal (what’s in it for them).
Once we have their attention we need to
influence their attitude towards our topic.
Once we’ve adjusted their attitude, we need to
arouse them to take action.”

135

A’s of Influence

(continued)

the a’s
Attention ~ fixate the distracted eyes of your audience.
Appeal ~ establish the benefits for your audience.
Acknowledgement ~ join the conversation in your audience’s mind.
Arousal ~ tap into the emotional appeal of what you’re selling.
Angst ~ ratchet up, then remove your audiences pain.
Aspirations ~ identify where your audience is & where they want to be.
Attitude ~ what is it now and what do we want it to be.
Authority ~ position & prove ourselves as trustworthy advisors.
Ambiguity ~ identify and answer all your audience’s objections.
Ascension ~ guiding your audience through the stages of growth
Affirm ~ take a stand for what you know to be true.
Associate ~ associate your brand with positive familiarity.
Aggravate ~ aggravate & address your audience’s built in conflicts.
Animate ~ give life to your content & marketing.
Action ~ present an offer they can’t refuse.

of influence
by Sean Vosler

136

A’s of Influence

attention

the a’s of influence

Chop off The Head & You’re Left With Very Little Interest
Unless You’re Name is jeffrey dahmer…

Headlines. Subject Lines. Topic Sentences.
Hook. Thesis Statement. First Impression.

The Start.

The above terms all may have their unique structures purpose,
but they all have a similar mission. It doesn’t matter if you’re
writing a novel, an email, a landing page, or a billboard; the
goal is always the same:
To catch and keep the readers attention.
All points, arguments, and influence in the piece builds upon
that starting point. If the starting point does its job than you’re
well on your way to creating something that will accomplish
its mission…

… to influence your reader to
undertake a desired action and
align their ambitions with yours.
As master editor Sol Stein put it in his book “On Writing” “Today’s impatient readers give a novelist fewer than several

“It was the best of times, it was the worst of
times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age
of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was
the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of
Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the
spring of hope, it was the winter of despair.”
— Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities (1859)

"Call me Ishmael. Some years ago - never
mind how long precisely - having little or no
money in my purse, and nothing particular to
interest me on shore, I thought I would sail
about a little and see the watery part of the
world.” —Moby Dick by Herman Melville

“This is a short book because most books
about writing are filled with bullshit.”
— Second Forward
Steven King, on Writing

minutes. … [on observing book browsers] No browser went
beyond page three before either taking the book to the cashier
or putting the book down and picking up another to sample.”

“Willpower doesn’t work”
— Benjamin Hardy - Willpower Doesn’t Work

How much LESS time we have as copywriters to capture
attention, (many studies peg the time as under 5 seconds). Stein
continues “Today, first sentences and first paragraphs of any
writing are increasingly important for arousing the restless
reader.” Later in the book Stein make sure that it’s clear that
this applies to both fiction and non fiction.

“Before I begin telling you what I think, I
want to establish that I’m a “dumb shit”
who doesn’t know much relative to what I
need to know”
— (18x Billionaire) Ray Dalio - Principles

I’m sure it’s not difficult for you to agree with these findings,
who doesn’t want their attention captured? As much as we’re in
the selling or persuasion business as writers, were also in the
business of entertainment; or at the very least it’s our job not to
bore our reader.

Attention ~ fixate the distracted eyes of your audience.137

“Good is the enemy of great. And that is one
of the key reasons why we have so little
that becomes great.”
- Jim Collins Good to Great (3 Million Units)

A’s of Influence

Ads That Capture Attention clever demonstration of features & benefits
1965 Ad for Northwest Airlines

Land Rover Defender Advertisement

Heins Ketchup Ad

1957 Mac’s Resin Wax Coat Ad
Nescafé Coffee Branding Ad

Exploring old & new ads for clever applications of attention grabbing
strategies is always a fun exercise. If nothing else it can supply us with
inspiration for metaphors and imagery we can use to capture
attention in our own marketing materials.
138

put simply

attention is relative to interest

a goldfish has the attention span of a goldfish
… until it's on a hook

It's not that attention spans are lower today, it's that people have many more options & a
higher standard for what they give their attention to. You keep your audience’s attention
“until you say something that allows their mind to wander.”
Tucker Max
139
Founder of Scribe, writer of four #1 New York Times Best Sellers

arousal

the a’s of influence

Arousal is that physiological response that only can be experienced – not imagined.
Arousal is one of those words that is what it is – that is to say, arousal as a word is,
well, arousing. It almost feels like a bad word, but like all words, its context of
usage determines its true meaning. In our case, in the world of copy and
persuasion, it adds some specificity to our goal of capturing & keeping
attention, capturing attention by harnessing, with perhaps the most primal
of devices at both ends of the natural spectrum.
From fear to lust, from anxiety to the frozen moments in time that we can
draw straight lines to and from where we are today. The sight of your first
love entering the room, the news of the loss of a family member that
seems to stop all functions and gives way to unimagined pain.
Arousal is that physiological response that only can be experienced – not
imagined. In the marketing world, being able to tap into this powerful force
of nature is akin to building a machine that can capture the power of a
hurricane. Dangerous in its possibilities, powerful in its prospects.
I don’t need to go into the science and psychology behind arousal, we all just
know it when we see it. Its built into us as much as our bones. A fight or flight
reaction as old as human.

it’s that feeling when your
favorite song comes on

So how do we harness its power?

Arousal is a flavor added to “attention”. There are many types
of attention, arousal being perhaps the most intoxicating type.
“Classic” ways of harnessing its powers are found in the not so subtle use of sex and figure, the lips, the eyes, the curves.
This we can see everywhere, and for advanced as our society becomes it never really goes away, perhaps less overt,
but it’s there, it’s everywhere. (Think GoDaddy hottie with a burger commercial.)
We don’t have to revert to the overt, in fact, subtlety will go a long way to building arousal. In fact, I would argue with
all the incredible stimulus around today that a taste of teasing can do much more to inspire arousal than a scantily
clad conversation.

A subtle flirt of emotion can build the appetites of readers…
driving them to crave more.
140
Arousal ~ tap into the emotional appeal of what you’re
selling.

A’s of Influence

arousal

continued…

In our content, we should describe universally understood events that implicate arousal.
Doing so in the context of what we are selling will give it the
associated feelings to our message & offer…
Humor connects it with joy.
Interaction with a desirable partner connects it with love,
lust, or companionship.
Removal of fear or anxiety connects it with remedies to
common problems.
Reaching beyond one’s limits can connect it with the selfesteem and actualization we all crave.
Even sadness or melancholy can draw a strong contrast
between the negative event and the positivity of your offer.
This is often done in the form of story. Classic “rags to riches",
the "lost then found way", the search for “the one.” All universally
recognized and ready to be tapped into. Does this mean our
copy must have a long drawn out story to accomplish this task?

“For sale: baby shoes, never worn.”
- Ernest Hemingway

This quote from Hemingway is anecdotally attributed to him as his response to a the challenge of writing an impactful
story in just 6 words. To me it’s perhaps the most heartbreaking short story ever told, and could serve as our hell of a
headline for a campaign for vaccinating children. The point of sharing it is to show that 1. you don’t need a lots of words to
arouse emotion, and 2. the strongest of emotions speak to what makes us human.
Proper use of story and metaphors arouse emotion like nothing else. And in the game of attention and persuasion your
well-tuned emotional message can do more for changing behavior and inspiring action than just about anything else.

you’re selling both the idea & the product

“Make ‘em cry, make ‘em buy.”
tears of sadness & joy are equally welcome

See it in action: visit https://link.sean.co/power-of-emotion
for perhaps the most powerful ad I’ve ever seen.
141
Arousal ~ tap into the emotional appeal of what you’re
selling.

A’s of Influence

Ads That Arouse

clever use of emotion to arouse the viewer

nostalgic

sensual

provocative

inspirational

For more on arousing emotion with story check out…
“The 6 Most Powerful Worlds in Marketing” Framework
142

“The thing I hate the most about advertising is that it attracts all the bright, creative and ambitious
young people, leaving us mainly with the slow and self-obsessed to become our artists.”
- Banksy, British Street Artist

applying the ‘A’s of Influence’
through the craft of persuasion
How to can combine ‘The A's of Influence’ to create highly persuasive
messaging without sacrificing our own ethics and integrity.

144

A’s of Influence

apply the ‘A’s of Influence’

through the craft of persuasion

“Human nature is hell-of-a drug.”
- Sean Vosler (quoting himself)
For exactly all of recorded history the the subject of
human nature has been at the forefront of those curious
about what makes people tick. For politicians, marketers
and mad men alike understanding human nature has
always been the key to getting others to do what they
want. It affects the rich, poor, and indifferent all the
same.
For entrepreneurs human nature (specifically what
aspects of it influence persuasion) should be of
particular interest. It holds the master key to selling in a
world of non stop noise and distraction. Understanding
it can give us the edge we need to capture attention and
persuade even the most skeptical of our audience. If our
products and services measurably helps others, we have
the right to (ethically) influence those who need or desire
it to purchase.

We can leave the deeper planes of human
nature to philosophers and poets.
Our concerns lays in how human nature relates to influence and persuasion.
To keep this section from ballooning in to an atlas of the human psyche we will focus on 5 specific
principles of persuasion. They serve as the foundation of the “A’s of Influence” and drive most of the
decision making in a persons life.
These 5 principles also serve as our navigation compass and a map, guiding us through to the secret
parts of the human mind. We need them to traverse the ethical dilemmas that come with such power,
lest we stray into the company of mad men. Never forget — our goal is not power, but to provide lasting
positive results to our customers. We can accomplish this by ethically building influence with them
through the power of persuasion, along with selling the highest quality product.
145

A’s of Influence

apply the ‘A’s of Influence’

through the craft of persuasion

On the ethical side I must again append a mighty disclaimer to these techniques and strategies. Do not
use them for evil, as they often are. They brush shoulders with the Machiavellian techniques used by
cult leaders and many a genocidal maniac. Just a quick glance at history, or 50 shades of Grey, shows
them in action.

Manipulation: relies on false promises, unrealistic results,
and distorting the facts.
Persuasion: relies on skillful
demonstration of the facts to
influence ones beliefs and actions.
There can seem to be a fine grey line
between manipulation and persuasion.
Our job is to set our sails in a way that
drives us toward positive persuasion
and away from unethical
manipulation.
Consider this your only warning, once
the ‘cat is out of the bag’ (also a
nautical metaphor, look it up) there’s
no going back.
That’s enough nautical nonsense
for now – let’s dive into these
five useful persuasion
strategies that human nature
has embedded into our
psyche; these 5 strategies are
driven by the ‘A’s of
Influence’. I’ll be referring to
them as the “craft of
persuasion”…
146

A’s of Influence

apply the ‘A’s of Influence’

through the craft of persuasion

As we’ve already highlighted, the depths of persuasion

I’ve adapted his 5 core elements of persuasion (which I

could be barely captured in a Redwood Tree number of

won't spoil for you from his book) and tied them in with

pages. I wont but attempt to stand on the shoulders of

the fundamental elements from the A’s of Influence to

persuasion masters, I will, however, hand you the most

help us see the effects they have on our readers. These 5

compact, tangible, and actionable version of

strategies are also discussed heavily in books such as

persuasion strategies that I can.

“The 48 Laws of Power” by Robert Greene, “Story Wars”
by Jonah Sachs, and Dale Carnegie’s classic “How to Win

My advice would be to internalize these as a second

Friends & Influence People”.

language, returning to them as you write any and all
marketing materials. If whole nations, movements, and

I won't take credit for the core concepts here, my goal is

religions have been founded using the “the craft of

to show you how these persuasion fundamentals apply to

persuasion”, surely they will assist you in writing more

copy that we write.

persuasive content.

The following multifaceted approach to writing

Now, the A’s of Influence as a list can be useful when

persuasive copy is a flexible framework. You can start on

examining marketing materials for persuasive elements.

any point and move down the line; addressing each

We can plug them into different frameworks and use

strategy in succession. You can mix and match, making

them as guiding principles for structure as we write;

one the primary focus for different types of marketing

giving us guidance on the emotional notes to hit, and the

materials that have different goals or audiences.

logical information to cover. We’ll look at several
frameworks in this book, the first being The Craft of
Persuasion.
This framework is based on the principles found in “The
One Sentence Persuasion Course” by Blair Warren, a
classic work of persuasive strategy and a highly
recommended reading.

the craft of persuasion
5 foundations framework

1. Fan The Flame ~ ascension
2. Forgive Faults. ~ aspirations
3. Defeat Demons. ~ aggravate
4. Prove Presumptions. ~ acknowledgement
5. Attack The Enemy. ~ animate
Separate these strategies are powerful, combined they create a diamond,
The strongest elements of persuasion; the drivers of influence.
147

A’s of Influence

1.

persuasion crafting

Fan Their Flames

“People screen out a lot of commercials because they open with something
dull … When you advertise fire-extinguishers, open with the fire.”
- David Ogilvy

Is it ever wrong to encourage the dreams of another? Logically their comes a point when
encouraging the statistically improbable can be detrimental — e.g. a 62 year old arthritic
man just isn’t going to make it into the NBA - and we shouldn’t try to persuade him
otherwise. However the (admittedly new) father in me sees that even an unlikely
dream can prove to be a powerful driving force of positive change in ones life.
Encouraging a child's dream that they can be an astronaut, even if you perceive they
may not have the aptitude too, can drive the child to investigate, pursue, and
nurture a love of science. A journey to the stars may just lead to a fulfilling career in
a parallel field on the surface. Or you might find yourself being the proud parent of
an astronaut. Either way, the encouragement to go on the journey is what matters.
Our audience has many unfulfilled desires and dreams. Part of our copy’s job is to
to help them better understand the “gap” between where they are and where they
want to be. “Fanning their flames” of desire is part of the process in closing that
“gap”. Through the process of inspiring them to finally take action to reach their
goal we give them a valuable tool.
Inspiration to believe in their dream fuels action. Especially that important first
step, to start. When that belief is combined with education and the right tools,
we’re not giving false hope; we’re providing them with important tools of
success. Don’t forget — they are all on a journey, it’s just a matter of identifying
how close our audience is to their destination — showing them exactly how to
(finally) fill the gap from where they are to where they want to be. This “gap” is
where our product or service comes in — if indeed our product is the solution, let’s
not be shy about explaining why. [More on this in the Hero’s Journey section.]
Remember you may be one of the few to truly believe in them, this comes with a
lot of responsibility. We must be confident in the tools we are selling, and provide
the best instructions (roadmap) to reaching their destination as we can.
We cant take all responsible, however, for holding their hands throughout; the
proverbial “take a horse to water” is apt. But with the proper guidance we should
expect the majority to reach their goal, with our help; if not we need to reexamine
our product or service and adjust accordingly. Ideally those who don’t “fill the gap”
will be provided a refund — along with our hope that they will find their way…
there’s only so much we can do.
Persuasion is rooted in education. Teach someone how to reach their dream and you need
not persuade them any more than a child needs persuasion to reach for the stars.

148

A’s of Influence

1.

Fan Their Flames The Psychology Behind The Strategy

There are many ‘mental shortcuts’ built into human nature, many of these are useful time savers, some can be good or
bad depending on the context, and others mostly work against logic. These shortcuts are often called ‘cognitive bias’,
which we will examine in great detail in a future section. For the “Fanning Their Flames” persuasion strategy we can
tap into quite a few of these ‘mental shortcuts’, and mitigate the ones that work against us.
The first of which is named affect {emotional response} heuristic {decision making process}.
This mental shortcut has to do with one's ability to gauge risks correctly while experiencing certain types of emotions.
Put simply research shows that individuals are more likely to take risks in a heightened positive state of emotions
(happy), and take fewer risks when feeling, well, sad.
It’s why Casinos are so bright and colorful - they’re designed to make you happy. It’s part of why you might not
wanting to go out on the town when you’re feeling down. Lift that state, with maybe a drink or two, and guess who’s all
the sudden ready to go party? Yes, it’s quite an obvious effect, but it’s one that we are rarely aware of it’s influence at
any given moment.
This bias affects our perception of reality. You’re obviously not more (or less) likely to win the Jackpot if you’re in a
good mood (or a bad mood), but your perception of your ability to win/lose changes with your emotions. As Henry
Priest (Author of Biases & Heuristics p.12) puts it “in a positive emotional state, you are more likely to perceive an
activity as having high-benefit and low risk”.
For us, then, this translates to “to increase the likeliness someone doesn’t see my offer as high-risk, low reward, I must
encourage positive emotions and negate negative emotions.”
Some more ways we can encourage positive emotions...

• Increase their understanding, people love learning new things especially
about themselves.

• Support passionate views, as mentioned, you may be the first
to encourage them to follow a dream.

• Paint a more vivid picture of the possibilities, people's
imaginations of what’s possible may be limited.

• When we use fear or other negative expressions in our
writing we want to be sure to highlight the positive
outcomes of understanding the negative. Extreme
example: “You have a disease, but now that you
know there’s something you can do about it!”
Henry Priest also points out in his book that “affectbased evaluations are quick, automatic” and “are
more pronounced when people do not have the
resources to reflect”. So, providing our reader with a
valid reason to “act now” (urgency) heightens this
effect.

“if it makes you happy, why the hell are you so sad?”
149

- Sheryl Crow

A’s of Influence

1.

Fan Their Flames

Hope is the positive emotion we’re tapping into here, and distilling it into passion; a passion we can
continually encourage our audience to harness; even if they’ve never believed in themselves before.
In copywriting this can be seen overplayed in today’s “hustle” adverts. It can be almost insulting.
Liberal use of “you deserve it”, or “just put your mind to it” gives shallow inspiration with no real
guidance on how to “get it”. Our goal is not to encourage entitlement - it’s to inspire rebellion;
rebellion against self doubt and cancerous delusions of “I just cant” — along with providing a
realistic and easy to understand path to success. Truth is that with enough patience and leverage
(read as: the right tools aka your product or service) most anyone can accomplish most everything.
Again it goes without saying that what you promote should do what it promises. There’s no need to
promise the world, just solve their problem.
You have every right to sing the praises of your product to your audience — but don’t start there,
start with fanning their flames; it is, after all, all about them.

“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life…

Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”
― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

A’s of Influence That Apply
Acknowledgement ~ join the conversation in your audience’s mind.
Arousal ~ tap into the emotional appeal of what you’re selling.
Aspirations ~ identify where your audience is & where they want to be.
Ascension ~ guiding your audience through the stages of growth
Affirm ~ take a stand for what you know to be true.
Associate ~ associate your brand with positive familiarity.
Animate ~ give life to your content & marketing.
Action ~ present an offer they can’t refuse.
150

A’s of Influence 150

2.

all
^

It’s not your fault.
Do not underestimate the importance of your message’s effect

persuasion crafting

on your audience, it will make or break a marketing campaign.

Forgive Their Faults
“You can only find out what you actually believe (rather than what you think you
believe) by watching how you act. You simply don’t know what you believe,
before that. You are too complex to understand yourself.”
― Jordan B. Peterson, 12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos

This quote is cold with its’ logic but should light a flame under anyone
who understands its implications. What people think about themselves,
both positive and negative, is almost always ill-informed and under
developed. The significance of your beliefs only matters in relation to the
actions you take. Without venturing too deep into the realm of ‘selfimprovement’ this simple insight is the driver behind the philosophy of
‘forgive them their faults’.

In your writing, you can build a strong connection with your reader by
acknowledging that just because someone believes they can (or more
importantly that they can’t) accomplish something doesn’t mean it’s true.
Given the right tools and training, most people will be surprised at what
they can accomplish; and while we can’t give our reader every piece of the
puzzle we can give them a very important piece: forgiveness.

“The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical
substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.”
― Carl Gustav Jung

Our Message Will Have an Affect on Our Reader,
Our Job is to Guide That Reaction…
154

A’s of Influence

2.

“One does not become enlightened by imagining figures
of light, but by making the darkness conscious.”

Forgive Their Faults ― Carl Gustav Jung

Part 1: Forgiveness of Faulty Information & Wrong Conclusions
The beauty of forgiveness in our writing is that we’re handing our reader the power of choice; a choice to move
beyond their current belief system to something better. How? Well, firstly as noted most people often don’t
understand the relationship between their beliefs and reality.

For instance… If they believe they can’t lose weight (through many years of failed attempts) then that becomes their
reality; the feedback loop is painfully apparent when viewed from the outside… they believe they can’t lose weight,
so they don’t try any new approaches, by default this leads to failure. This failure both reinforces the belief along
with something more insidious; a dark resentment of their apparent lack of ability. Their identity (ego) can get
tied in with this belief, “they’re simply not the kind of person who can lose weight” and they will come to resent this
“fact”, and find all types of ways to confirm it in their day to day life (see confirmation bias). They may very much
want change, but the false belief combined with the resentment of themselves makes success nearly impossible
without drastic change.
This is why psychological therapy is often the first step for many on a weight-loss journey (or weight gain for that
matter). (Cognitive behavioral therapy to aid weight loss current perspectives https://link.sean.co/forgive-1) The selfdeceived individual must be helped to change their perception of reality before they can consistently take the
actions necessary to lose the weight, and as important, keep it off long term. Any ‘self-actualization’ adventure, a
journey of positive change, includes another crucial step - Acceptance. Acceptance that their own damaging false
beliefs (they’ve developed as a form of self-defense) are an immense part of the problem. Acceptance that the
resentment they harbor against themselves must be faced and resolved.
In a real way, they must become the kind of person who loses weight before they can lose the weight.
We can all empathize with this challenge, for us it may not be weight loss…
but everyone has personal battles they are waging.
While we may not be therapists, and we may not be selling a product or service that is as impactful as substantial
weight loss, we can and must acknowledge the positive snowball effect our offer can have on people’s lives. We
should take the time to identify what battles our audience is facing, and be crystal clear on how our product can
assist them. If we’re not helping in some way, well it’s not much of a product or service, is it? Once we have
identified the problem we’re helping them solve, we then must also work to identify the false beliefs about
the problem that inevitably lead our reader to failure.
Like a moth to an open flame humans are drawn to misconceptions. Not because we desire
to be wrong, but because there is mysterious comfort in avoiding reality. It’s not long
before the flame burns away our wings and we are trapped, even going as far as to forget
what it was like to fly at all.

Our Message Must Give Light To Not Just The
Solution, But Address Misconceptions As Well

156

A’s of Influence

Forgive Their Faults

Part 1: Forgiveness of Faulty Information & Wrong Conclusions
That miss understanding, false belief, lie, whatever you want to call it is the piece of the puzzle we need to bring
to their attention, and forgive them for their misconception (more on this later).
Another example… Let’s say we’re selling “just”
bottles of water. Simple enough product, but think
about the real-world benefits of water. It gives the
drinker energy, vitalization, focus, a healthy
alternative to other sugar-fueled monstrous drinks.
Those positive impacts can lead to measurable
improvements at work (more money?), more
attentiveness in conversation (improved
relationships?), and an all-around better life
experience for the drinker (happiness).
The misconception about water is, well, it’s just
water. It’s not, not if you want to compete in a world
of sugary alternatives. You must appeal to more than just the features; you must attach and associate realworld outcomes and benefits to make your message resonate. You must forgive the reader for not realizing the
damage they’re doing by not drinking enough water, the damage caused by drinking the alternatives… you must
forgive them for not knowing. Let’s take it a step further, you may want to take the blame off them for not
knowing and attach it to the “evil corporations” pumping their blood full of sugar! More on that in the following
section ‘Attacking Their Enemies’.
As much as we may literally be forgiving in our copy, e.g. “it’s not your fault for not knowing the dangers of sugary
beverages, and how important water is” we are also metaphorically forgiving them by not bashing them over their
head with these ‘insights’. A ‘tone’ of forgiveness, the way we speak, can draw them in or push them away…
and accusing our reader of being an idiot is not an ideal way to draw them is.
This is easily seen in pharmaceutical commercials, mostly through imagery. The ads start out with dreary
people, full of clear signs of hopelessness based on their condition. Then, the dreariness turns utter joy as the
solution (the pill) is administered. From there they get their life back, running in a field with their
grandchildren, or enjoying something they otherwise often missing from lack of treatment. Then they often
descend into a messy list of side effects that usually sound worse than the condition itself, but I digress.

Implied Emotion
Specified Outcomes

157

A’s of Influence

Forgive Their Faults
Part 1: Forgiveness of Faulty Information & Wrong Conclusions
Where is the forgiveness in this equation? Well, often it is simply implied… in the paramedical ad for
example, since often the medication is “new”, they can easily be forgiven for not knowing about the option.
Ask your doctor if Pill Name is right for you. That call to action is often preceded with a simple line of “stop
living with *condition name*, and experience what life can be like without *condition name*”. Yes, this is a
strong promise, but it also is a subtle acknowledgment that it’s ok, and it’s only a problem if you do nothing
about it. It’s a touch of kindness that builds connection.
In a longer form marketing piece, the pharmaceutical ad may deliver a more potent line of forgiveness,
something along the lines of “Most people don’t realize that there is now a new treatment option for
*condition name*, they may believe that they must live with the pain and suffering that comes with it
forever. Perhaps they’ve been misinformed that the treatment is too expensive, or that they wouldn’t qualify
for the treatment for some other reason… this couldn’t be further from the truth!” The copy is informing
them that their potential false beliefs are reasonable (if not expected), that it’s understandable that they
might not know; and can continue into a ‘call to action’ of what to do about it.
We, again, are simply looking to give them “an out”, a way of acknowledging any potential mistakes they may
have made up to this point. Enforcing that the problem isn’t THEM as a person. The problem is, through no
fault of their own, the lack of knowledge (or a tangle of false beliefs) they may have on the subject; or any
other enemy we may be able to identify as a cause to their issue.
In this capacity as a writer, we are serving as a leader, a positive authority figure. And leaders must be
willing to forgive those who lack understanding, and boy is our audience often misinformed and
misunderstood.
At the beginning of any individual transformation, there is going to be resistance to the notion that “it’s all
my fault". And as empowering as it is for an individual to “just do it”, to take responsibility, and as much as
we may believe in individuals’ rights and need to do so, the reality is that, so far, they haven’t. So, again,
don’t let our own beliefs harden our ability to give help to our readers, even if we may see their lack of
action as pitiful. You have not experienced their personal hell, and the first step to heaven may live in your
ability to carry some of the load of resentment and loathing they carry; to assure them that it’s not all their
fault.
Forgiveness can be seen as a gift, and as cold and monochrome as business may seem there are pockets of
warmth and color that can arise from your brand, delivered through your messages… you may be
surprised how many people desire both what you’re selling, and a better understanding of their
circumstances.

2. define the light

Let your message be
the lighthouse that
guides them through
the storm. 1. define the storm

3. define the path
158

A’s of Influence

Forgive Their Faults
Part 2: Forgiving Desires - They, like you, are only human.
It’s ok to purchase something for reasons that may, to some, seem less
than righteous.
One evening I was out with a friend who had just purchased a very
expensive bag for his wife, this bag evidently cost around $80k (yes,
eighty thousand dollars). You could imagine my astonishment, regardless
of how much money you make that’s objectively a hefty price tag. She
proceeded to show me this admittedly elegant bag... which of course was
very difficult to purchase, at this level of luxury the buyers are mostly
celebrities and the sellers prefer to keep it that way.
The exclusivity factor was overcome and my friend was with great effort
able to purchase the gift. Admittedly a lovely gesture on some level. She
progressed to demonstrating the features of the bag, the quality of its
leather, the nice magnetized hatch, it’s many convenient pockets. All
while my mind kept doing the math on what I would rather do with $80k,
no amount of bells and whistles was going to justify its price tag to me.
Pragmatically this purchase made no sense, and I’m going to guess most
of you reading this may agree with that assessment. Buying a small
condo, paying off student loans, getting a luxury car, or a considerable
donation to charity; all of these things sounded like a better purchase
decision to me. But guess what? We are not the target audience of this
product, in-fact the seller takes it up a notch and makes it difficult for
just “anyone” to purchase it, even if they’re pounding at the door with
cash in hand. Now that’s a distinctive level of luxury.

(not the actual bag)

You may also conclude that it’s a disgusting display of materialism, or
some other moral or political assessment, but that’s another discussion
entirely.

Why didn’t my friend come to the same conclusion about the price of the purse? Because we’re not living the
same reality, in a sense, his experiences up to the moment of purchases are much different than mine. Not to say
they don’t have a concept of how much money that is, they aren’t trust fund kids or billionaires. But their reality is
that they have luxury cars, no student loans, they don’t need a new condo to add to their collection, and they give
plenty to charity… At the point of purchase what they were looking for was what we all look for in a gift: giving
something desired and beautiful to someone we love… well, at least at the surface.
If that is where the purchase decision came from then who are we to judge?
And, more valuable to this discussion, what are the lessons for us as marketers?

Céline’s logo shopping bag: $590

Do Not Assume You And Your Customer

Ok, I’ll admit - $590 for a plastic bag is a bit much…

Have All The Same Motivations or Desires

159

A’s of Influence

Forgive Their Faults
Part 2: Forgiving Desires - They, like you, are only human.
I share this story simply because it demonstrates
a less overt form of forgiveness in our
marketing, and it has to do with the concept of
‘ego-morphing’. This relates to the idea of
why we buy the things that we buy, beyond
the pure utility of the item; the motive. For
example, we may buy a $20 watch for its
utility of telling time, so why would anyone in
their right mind purchase a $200,000 watch?
If you ask someone who’s done such a thing,
they may often go to great lengths to explain
the craftsmanship of the item, the beauty, the
historical significance of the long-standing
company that created the piece. All of which may
be true.

Janus Watch £374,000

But, underneath these justifications is the very real and natural desires tied into a persons ‘ego’, the need for
status, confidence, power, and, well, sex.
A $200,000 watch is a powerful social shortcut to establish the purchaser’s place in their perceived hierarchy, sharing
quite clearly and quickly with others their status. And more to the point of ‘ego-morphing’ it confirms it internally to the
buyer. They bought the watch to fulfill a need to confirm such things, they kept it for whatever justifications they prefer.
Before you judge the buyer too harshly, you should know that even the person who purchases based on what they might
consider “utility alone”, the person who buys the $20 watch, is reinforcing pieces of their ego. It may be that they see
themselves as frugal, something they’re proud of, or perhaps they see themselves as more intelligent than others - after
all, they did get a great deal on that $20 watch, ‘what silly person would spend $200,000 on a watch?’ they think. The point is,
each buyer has a complex array of reasons and needs behind a purchase, any purchase, and being aware of these
reasons will help us write copy that appeals to these reasons.
So, which comes first? The egocentric desires, or the subjective justifications?
It doesn’t particularly matter, they both naturally bubble up whenever we trade something we have for something we want
or need. Most of the things we purchase today we don’t need to stay alive; and realistically anything ‘beyond the basics’ our
human nature is going to find an ‘ego-centric’ way to interpret the purchase.
The type of person you think you are determines largely the types of products you choose to buy, or not to buy.
As Pratkanis and Aronson noted in their work “Age of Propaganda”, 1991, “By purchasing the ‘right stuff,’ we [consumers]
enhance our own egos and rationalize away our inadequacies.” Consumers (we) are using what we have purchased to
enforce a perception of their own attributes. This process works in relation to both the positive and negative judgments of
ourselves, On some level, everything we are selling is interpreted through this lens of ‘who we think we are’. If a potential
buyer sees our product & marketing as reinforcing their perception of their own self-worth in some way they are likely to
consider our offer… conversely, if they see our offer as something that diametrically opposes a “truth” about themselves
they will be turned off. Think of the people who buy Apple vs. Android.
That may read as quite accusatory, like a judgy parent questioning why their teenager bought a muscle car instead of a
more reasonable and safer Volvo. The problem with judging others for their purchase decisions (that don’t harm
themselves or others) is that we frequently commit the same “sins”. If you personally don’t want to purchase things for
what you perceive as the wrong reasons, fine, but don’t let this drive your copy. The pragmatic approach is to view the
‘reason’ someone justifies a purchase as what it is, human nature at work. You wouldn’t fault a dog for peeing on a tree,
then don’t judge the rationalizations others make when they purchase something… or the price of the offer you’re writing
for. This usually isn’t a problem for entrepreneurs who write copy for their own offers but can become an issue if you are
writing for someone else.
160

A’s of Influence

Forgive Their Faults
Ego-morphing in action…

As salesmen, as copywriters, as business owners, there’s nothing wrong
with polishing the ‘ego-centric’ aspects of our offer. By doing so we are
forgiving our buyers for their rationalizations. The ethics here are simple
- if you believe in your offer, provide a reasonable way for the individual to
receive a refund if they change their mind, and aren’t making false promises
then there’s no harm in a bit of ego-stroking. They can, after all, always
return the Rolex.
While putting this piece together a friend of mine sent me this video of
Kevin O’Leary (aka ‘Mr. Wonderfull’) interviewing one of my favorite Tech
YouTubers Marques Brownlee which perfectly illustrates the cognitive
processes that happen when a purchase is made. Watch as Mr. Wonderfull
explains why he purchased his 5 figure watch, and what it means in the
context of social status and how he quickly pivots into a story behind the
watch. Marques then explains why his watch fills his personal needs. Both

https://link.sean.co/watch-example

Starts at 6min 45sec

Transcript

have solid justifications for their purchases, and neither particularly
discounts the other’s perspective.

Kevin O'Leary: Like that's what I'm ask you about my watch. Yeah.

Kevin O'Leary: And I appreciate what this person did with his life to make
this thing.

Kevin O'Leary: That's a piece of consumer electronics.

Marques: What is this watch and should I get it or is that not appropriate?

Marques: It absolutely is.

Kevin O'Leary: Well, this is an FP Journe Centigraphe of which there are
only 10 on Earth.

Kevin O'Leary: And. You know, again, because I Mr. Wonderful, I want to
tell you the truth, when you walk in a room with that on your wrist, you're
telling everybody, I'm 20 percent off retail. You want to get a watch that
talks about you. As, you know, it's a style thing.

Marques: Sounds like I can't afford that.
Kevin O'Leary: This is number six. I'll tell you what it costs. It's about
eighty thousand dollars. But it's not, it's not about the money. It's about
that, the FP Journe, who is actually Picasso alive, if you could buy a Picasso
from Picasso in the south of France, walk into a studio, say, I really love that
I'm going to buy it from you and I know who you are. That would be really
what's happening here with an FP Journe, right. So when a man only makes
10 watches, he's really gutting his soul for you because he's not doing it for
the money.

Kevin O'Leary: Know what I'm saying? I wouldn't be caught dead with that
on my wrist.
Marques: Here's how I see it. Cause I kind of see parallels in the car
industry in an interesting way, you know, an investment watch. [Yes].
Versus a utility watch. [Yes]. So when I when I'm walking down the street
and I get a notification on my phone and this shows up and I can just
dismiss it real quick, right? Or someone calls me and I don't have to take
my phone in my pocket. I'm just hanging onto the subway with one hand
and I can take the call real quick and then end it. That is some of the things
that I value any utility watch where if I was just buying a fashion piece or an
investment watch or I have different goals, what I wanted to appreciate in
value or I want to look better, this is not what I would choose.

Marques: That's like the the McLaren GTR like special edition. [Exactly]
Only in the World, you know they're special. They can only make so many.
Kevin O'Leary: Does that sing to you? Would you like to own one of those
cars? You a car guy?
Marques: I'd say I'm more of a car guy than a watch guy. And I can make
those parallels. And I appreciate the mastery of the mechanical design of a
watch [Yeah] in the same way. But let's say I want to get a watch and I can't
go headfirst into the McLaren GT of watches. Where should I start?

Kevin O'Leary: So what would be cool for you would be to have a watch that
speaks to you from a styles perspective or an investment perspective. And
the electronics utility, you know, the other day I looked I was looking at this
watch and a woman beside me who I didn't know said, what time is it? I
said, I have no idea. She said, you just looked at your watch, she said, that
has nothing do with the time.

Kevin O'Leary: The watch that I think would be perfect for you as a starter
Watch would probably be the Patek Phillippe 5711 Nautilus. It is the most
pursued watch on earth today is steel with a blue face. Yeah, but it is a
beautiful mastery of what Patek Phillippe is all about.

Kevin O'Leary: I'm appreciating the art, the mastery of making this piece,
which is one of 10 in the world. And it just brings a tear to my eye. And I
love to look at it. I have no idea what time it is. I don't care. [Yeah. Yeah.]
That's what a what a watch is about.

Marques: This watch face, it's like copying some of that. Yeah I know. But
like that ain't a Patek, I know.

Marques: Totally. And if you see the same thing in cars too, right?

Kevin O'Leary: But the point is when you walk in a room with that, people
that love watches know right away that you respect the mastery of making
something like that. And also that you would have one says Patek really digs
you because there's a thousand guys around the world that want one of
those.

Marques: Someone will just love and appreciate a car sitting in their
garage. Beautifully. I might not try to drive, but once a year, but I can look
at and admire it for the mechanical art that it is. Or I can buy a borderline
piece of tech, an electric car at Tesla, [yeah] and it's just getting me from
point A to point B over and over and over. And I'm saving money because I
don't buy gas and has all these other values to it.

Marques: But it's difficult to actually get?
Kevin O'Leary: I think I can help you out... [ok] But you have to make that
decision that you want to get there.

Kevin O'Leary: Well, maybe it's because you're a young guy. But at some
point you want to appreciate the art, the mastery of it, of a man spending a
thousand hours to make something that has no reason to exist other than
it's a piece of art, because that watch tells the time a lot better than this
piece of art. Right. But this thing costs 4000 times what that does.

Marques: Alright, that might be something I can dip my feet into.

161

A’s of Influence

Forgive Their Faults

"I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars."
— Stephenie Meyer - Twilight

Part 3: Ways to (Ethically) Stroke the Ego & Make the Sale
There are two key ways to explore ways to leverage ego-morphing in our writing. The first is obvious, we can tailor our
message to specifically engage the egotistical values of those we target. They want status? Show them someone using
your product in a way that gains the admiration of others. They want sex-appeal? Show them someone looking sexy,
receiving not so subtle suggestions of that kind of attention from others. Just open up a
magazine and explore a few ads to see this in action.

how it's done

Don’t forget, when viewing an ad we’re quickly judging both the
product and the message in relation to how we might fit in the
picture… The ad for a Jeep is designed to appeal to the
person who sees themselves as an explorer. The
wrinkleless heroine showing off the latest age-defying
cream appeals to the desire to be seen as young,
throw in a fun and flirty expression to tap into the
desire to be seen as desirable… you get the idea.
Use messages and images that illustrate a
distinct value that we know our target would

confident, smarter, more fun, more
flirty, more powerful.
The second way to tap into egomorphing in our writing is much more

So you think you’re bad at dating...

2.Give them the context as to why they’re not alone in
having that false belief.

You may feel this way because you haven’t been on a date for a
long time, and you seem to get little attention from your
preferred prospects.

very much like to reinforce in their own
life. [See Hero’s Journey Framework in this
book for more information on how to
accomplish this.] Make ‘them’ feel sexy,

1.Acknowledge a negative/false belief.

3. Forgive them for having the belief... after all, they didn’t
understand; it’s not their fault that they miss attributed lack
of action (leaving house) to a personality issue (bad at dating).

demanding of our imagination and can
be even more influential. It involves
combining both the positive ego-boosting
aspects of our offer and our audience
along with addressing much less desirable
aspects of their ego… and forgiving them for
their errors in perception.

I can understand why you feel this way, many do - even the
most charming and beautiful people may conclude they’re
undesirable at times. You would be forgiven for believing that
you have nothing to offer. THE REAL PROBLEM IS… You simply
haven’t put yourself out there.
4.Invite them to leave the false belief about themself behind.

You see, many people haven’t given themselves a chance
values’ we assign ourselves subconsciously are
to shine. They put themselves in the wrong situations
almost always much more dramatic in our minds
with the wrong people, or no situations at all, and
than in reality… and/or they’re simply not true.
conclude something is wrong with them when
Someone may see themselves as a complete failure in the
they strikeout.
As we’ve discussed previously the ‘negative

dating world, where in reality it has nothing to do with them
as a person and everything to do with the fact that they simply
don’t leave the house.

See ‘The Contrarian Copy Structure’
for a deeper dive into these steps.

What are we to do with someone who has falsely
attributed a ‘situational issue’ (not leaving the house) with a
‘value conclusion’ (that they are bad at dating)?

Well, it might be as simple as just telling them.
162

A’s of Influence

Forgive Their Faults
Part 3: Ways to (Ethically) Stroke the Ego & Make the Sale
Again, this strategy may lend itself to more long-form
marketing pieces such as sales pages, emails, video sales
letters; but with the right imagery, it can work wonders
in advertisements as well. It also lends itself to working
well on offers positioned around self-improvement,
personal growth, and health; though I highly recommend
looking at your offer from those perspectives; even if you’re
selling something as innocuous as bottled water.

need to remember that our target audience has desires,
desires we shouldn’t ignore or judge them for.
In short… Identify what qualities (values) your target
audience wishes to associate with themselves after their
interaction with your brand/product/message. Not just
how you want them to feel (emotions) but what qualities/
values do you want to enhance in their life?
It can be easy to forget that most of the individuals
interacting with our brand or message have never heard
of us before, have no clue who we are, and no ideas
(positive or negative) about “us”. They may have
associations with our industry which can color their
attitude, but mostly they are coming to us with a blank
slate. Whatever message we put forth at the start will
serve as the foundation for their perception. If we shape
our message to be attractive to both literal and ‘egocentric’ needs quickly we are well-positioned to build
the sales relationship… If, however, we start with a
convoluted mess of a stance, no clear values, no clear
ideas or useful insights, we will likely lose their
attention before we had a chance to explain our offer.

A simpler way to look at all this may be to change our
own perspective on what we’re selling from: “product/
service” to “a new (better) way of doing things”.
Sprinkling into our message forgiveness in both literal
and metaphorical ways.
By granting someone forgiveness for a long-held
damaging misunderstanding about themselves you are
accomplishing several things. Once you’re building trust,
forgiveness is perhaps the most robust trust builder there is,
two you’re setting yourself up as both a confidant and an
authority. In a very real way, you are also (third) giving
them permission to forgive themselves. Powerful stuff
indeed.

This is why we need to have a crystal clear
understanding of (1.) what we are selling, (2.) who we are
selling it to, (3.) how our offer affects the buyer, and (4.)
how our message affects the potential buyer. This 4th
factor in the equation is where most marketing copy is
lacking and it is where forgiveness of our audience’s
faults can have the greatest impact.

Ask yourself...
How does your offer help to alleviate negative selfimage beliefs of your audience?
How does your offer help to enhance the non-negative*
self-image beliefs of your audience?
* Non-negative are subjective values such as vanity, esteem,
self-importance, superiority, or social approval… They shouldn’t
be interpreted by us as either completely positive or negative,
but they are all things considered consciously or subconsciously
when a purchase is made.

You might think that your offer has little to contribute
directly in terms of improvement or reinforcement of
desired attributes… it can be tough to attribute
‘improved social status’ to a cup of coffee. There are,
however, other ways to imply these attributes.
One way is to personify. To give personality to a brand
or product or service.
The Dos Equis “the most interesting man in the world…”
campaign, or ‘The Old Spice Guy” commercials. These
ads sell-by associating their product with values
(personified by the actors and events) the target
audience desires to have and accentuate.
We’ll dive deeper into ‘values-based selling’ in other
sections within this guide, but in essence, WE as writers
163

A’s of Influence

Forgive Their Faults

try this

The philosophy behind much advertising is based
on the old observation that every man is really two
men—the man he is and the man he wants to be.
- William Feather
I love this quote because it clearly defines a distance in life that we all wish to shorten.
The distance between who we are and who we want to be. Forgiveness is a key part of that process.

Quick practical ways to put ‘Forgive Their Faults’ into action...
Let’s help our readers get from where they are to where they want to be… Applying the principles behind
‘Forgive Their Faults’ works wonders with content marketing, it can serve as the framework for a
whole series of blog posts, cornerstone content pieces, and even whole eBooks or lead guides for us to
create. We will draw from it for more direct marketing pieces such as emails, sales pages, and
advertisements. Before we start crafting our pieces we first need to collect some information, follow
the following 5 steps to create a master research document to draw from while your writing.

STEP #1

Your ‘Mistakes’ Research Document
DEFINE THE MISTAKES: Review to the 4 steps in Part 3 “How
it’s Done” a few pages back, then identify and write out at least
3 harmful and/or misguided beliefs related to your offer. [For
inspiration search ‘KEYWORD mistakes’ and your niche/
industry on blogging sites such as Medium.com]
Ideally, you want to find mistakes that you have experience
with, mistakes you’ve made or ones you’ve helped customers
overcome. If you find a mistake that seems important but you
haven’t yourself dealt with it keep digging into the subject, find
more articles and books related to the topic. Look for videos of
people who faced the issue you’ve defined, often you can find
passionate stories of people who’ve overcome them. If it’s
particularly interesting you may consider reaching out to
individuals (clients or otherwise) who may have experienced it
and interview them. At a minimum, you’ll want to be sure you
have a strong handle on the issue itself, otherwise, your reader
will see right through you.

How To

164

A’s of Influence

Forgive Their Faults
STEP #2

Your ‘Mistakes’ Research Document cont.

try this

RAISE THE STAKES: Next, define the cost, raise the stakes!
What damage is affecting your reader this very moment? Create
a list of bullet points of the possible real-world negative
consequences that stem from the mistakes you've defined.

Our goal here isn’t to frighten necessarily, our aim is to make the consequences clear. What are the cascading
effects they can expect to experience if they don’t address the issues? Where might they find themselves
‘stuck’ in the future if they don’t change? Why are these mistakes going to hold them back from reaching their
goals? Painting a picture of dark clouds on the horizon will heighten the desire for the reader to find a solution,
one you and your offer can provide.

Example…
For example, Nick Wignall’s post
“6 Subtle Habits That Are Sabotaging
Your Happiness” (https://link.sean.co/6habits) does a great job of raising the stakes
for each of the habits. Here’s an excerpt…

Bad Habit: Worrying about the future and other people’s opinions of you...
Worrying is the mental habit of trying to solve a problem that either can’t be solved or isn’t
really a problem. [ defines the mistake ]
It’s easy to fall into because it feels productive, like we’re at least doing something. It staves
off the feeling we hate most of all: helplessness.
Worry gives us the illusion of control.

Source: https://link.sean.co/6-habits

But here’s the thing: sometimes we are helpless.
Sometimes things are bad, or painful, or terrifying and there’s nothing we can do about it.

• Yes, something terrible could happen to you or people you care about in the future.
• Yes, some people really, truly, deep-down don’t like you very much.
Worrying about it is denial of reality. It’s a demand that everything be the way you want it.
It’s an attempt to control what is fundamentally outside your control. It’s expectations
gone wild.
Sh*t happens. People are jerks.

The implication being that it
Worrying about it won’t change things.
will actively impede our goals
But it will lead to a lot of anxiety. [ raises the stakes ] while causing anxiety.
165

A’s of Influence

Forgive Their Faults
STEP #3

Your ‘Mistakes’ Research Document cont.

try this

THE FORGIVENESS: List out possible reasons someone may fall for the mistakes, both internal
and external. Why might they hold onto these false beliefs (internal)? What influences might be
interested in keeping the truth about their false beliefs from them (external)? By default, we can
always count on ‘ignorance’ as a common issue, “they just didn’t know’ - and we’re here to fix that.

Example…
Let’s continue with Nick Wignall’s post “6 Subtle Habits That Are Sabotaging Your
Happiness” (https://link.sean.co/6-habits) and highlight where he ‘forgives' the reader…
Bad Habit: Worrying about the future and other people’s opinions of you...
Worrying is the mental habit of trying to solve a problem that either can’t be solved or isn’t
really a problem. [ defines the mistake ]
It’s easy to fall into because it feels productive, like we’re at least doing something.
It staves off the feeling we hate most of all: helplessness.
Worry gives us the illusion of control. [ Forgiveness ]
But here’s the thing: sometimes we are helpless.
Sometimes things are bad, or painful, or terrifying and there’s nothing we can do about it.

• Yes, something terrible could happen to you or people you care about in the future.
• Yes, some people really, truly, deep-down don’t like you very much.
Worrying about it is denial of reality.
It’s a demand that everything be the way you want it.
It’s an attempt to control what is fundamentally outside your control.
It’s expectations gone wild.
Sh*t happens. People are jerks.

STEP #4

Worrying about it won’t change things.
But it will lead to a lot of anxiety. [ raises the stakes ]

GRAND ILLUMINATION: Highlight the immediate benefits of addressing
the mistake. What are the easily identifiable benefits? Then, return to your
easily identifiable benefits and extrapolate to more complex and higherlevel benefits [See also example of selling bottled water a few pages back].

Nick’s concludes his ‘worry habit’ section with the following line...
“Learn to accept the pain of what is or what might be and let go of your
habit of worry and all the anxiety it generates.” [ illumination ]
Nick went with one simple benefit of addressing the bad habit of worry. In our own final writing piece,
we may wish to ‘keep it simple’ and hone in on one key benefit - but make sure it has sufficient gravity to
pull the reader in. In your research document, however, be sure to write out as many as possible.
166

A’s of Influence

Forgive Their Faults
STEP #5

Your ‘Mistakes’ Research Document cont.

try this

WHAT’S NEXT: What steps can be taken to address the
mistakes? Even if they seem obvious list them out. One of the
steps should be related to your offer, of course, it needs to be
part of the process of ‘fixing’ the problem.

Example…
Let’s finally return to Nick Wignall’s post (https://link.sean.co/6-habits) and see what practical advice he gives on
the subject.
[ what’s next? ]
Work to become more aware of your habit of worry, then question it:

• Am I productively solving a genuine problem, or doing mental hand wringing?
• What function does my worry really serve?
• What benefit does it really give me?

The 'What's Next’ section should be as concise and actionable as possible, Nick gives
us a very simple yet practical set of instructions and not much more.
The type of marketing material we are creating from our research document will
largely determine how much detail we will want to include.
A blog post may give us plenty of room to dig into details on each step without
risking losing a sale, but a sales page may simply hint at them; and an email may not
have any at all but instead leaving this section to be answered on the next page. In
our research document, we will want to include as many details as possible so we can
pull what we need from it when we are creating our pieces.

What to Do With Your Mistakes Research Document
You can start to craft persuasive materials from this document right away, these types of pieces can stand alone
as powerfully empathic cornerstones for your brand. At the end of the A’s of Influence framework we will look at
more specific ways to weave this content together in ever more persuasive and useful ways. Next, we’re going to
build upon ‘Forgive Their Faults’ with the concept of ‘Defeating Their Demons’. We’ll explore the ultimate
impediment our audience faces on their journey to success, and how we can help them conquer it.

“Now it's the dark's turn to be afraid.”
― Joseph Delaney, Curse of the Bane
167
Up next… Defeat
Their Demons

A’s of Influence

your words can scare them away…
or offer them shelter.

a wolf pursued a lamb,
which fled for refuge to a
certain temple. the wolf
called out to him and said:
“the priest will slay you in
sacrifice, if he should catch
you.”
on which the lamb replied:
“it would be better for me to
be sacrificed in the temple
than to be eaten by you.”

168

3.

Defeat Their Demons

Every marketing piece we create is entering in a beautiful battle of ideas. We are
fighting for attention, dancing with distraction, and balancing the need for them
to understand with the desire to be understood. In short, we are at war with the
demons that plague our readers. Among these demons are the destructive
rationalizations and poorly assembled assumptions that stand in the place of
hard-earned beliefs. By learning how to defeat these demons we can instill in
our reader something incredibly powerful, a solid foundation of truth and
understanding. This will give you, the writer, a solid platform from which to
sell and a long term brand from which to launch ever more impactful products
& services, not to mention a message that will out convert any ‘flash in the plan’
competitive products that will inevitably launch.

Before we can attack, we must first better understand our enemy… ultimate
victory depends on our ability to persuade our reader that we, not their
“demons”, are who they should listen to.
The word “Persuasion” stems from the Latin persuadere, which roughly translates to “complete advice” (from
Latin, from per- ‘through, to completion’ + suadere ‘advise’). Its opposite, being unpersuasive, logically brings us
to the idea that an argument or point we are trying to prove is incomplete. Makes sense, if we present a fact to
someone with little to no evidence to support it we’re likely not to be seen as persuasive. But what makes
‘complete advice’, or a complete argument?
The ‘A’s of Influence’ is my take on the elements needed to put together a ‘complete’ (and therefore persuasive)
argument, it is a way for us to examine what it takes to write a convincing message. The foundation of all its parts,
the essence of what makes it so powerful, is empathy. That term has found its way into many different sections of
this book and is a flexible enough term to allow for different interpretations. At its core empathy is the ability to
interpret and experience the feelings of others. Not simply a cold mechanical understanding, but a visceral
connection with the person’s emotions. A common mistake around empathy is only focusing on the negative
emotions of others, only getting to know their pain. While this might be the primary use for empathy, we also can
benefit from imagining the joys others experience. What good might we bring into their life with our influence?
Only by connecting on both the positive and negative emotional level can we give ‘complete advice’, to be
persuasive.
The last two sections ask us to empathize on both these levels. To dip into the aspirations (Fan their Flames), and
trudge through their lesser qualities (Forgive Their Faults). But empathy has its limits. Even the most empathetic
person can erode trust by not giving actionable advice supported by well organized evidence. You can win the
heart, and still risk losing the mind. Let’s win both.
Now we’re going to hone in on that all-important element in building any argument: evidence.

Evidence is the light we shine on the darkest parts of our reader’s path. Paving
it with concrete truths while enforcing the goodwill we’ve earned through
carefully practiced empathy.
Never forget we sell with emotion, but justify the purchase with logic.

169

A’s of Influence

Defeat Their Demons
“The truth will set you free…
but first it will piss you off.”
― Joe Klaas, Twelve Steps to Happiness

By default, we humans very much dislike being presented with information that conflicts with our current
understanding of things. The intensity to which we resist new information seems to be correlated with how
strongly we identify with the belief, that is, how much of our personal self we have wrapped up in with the belief.
If it’s connected with our ‘core being’ we will fight like a rabid dog to subdue the new information. Perhaps by
swiftly listing off all the reasons it’s wrong in our mind, or we may discount the source, or we may conclude that
the conflict presented to us simply doesn’t matter. All these reactions and those like them fall under the mental
process of ‘cognitive dissonance’. This process of rationalization can be harmless (eg. I’ll brush my teeth later, I
need to drink my coffee first) or it can lead to potentially life-threatening beliefs (eg. smoking is bad, but it helps me
keep weight off - so it’s better for me to smoke). How you react to new information can tell you a lot about yourself,
and personally, I find it as one of the better gauges of progress in my life (eg. am I willing to accept new information
and change my behavior if that new information disagrees with my current understanding?).
We will deep dive into cognitive dissonance later in this guide and look at how we can use it to our advantage in
marketing, but for this section, we need to understand how information is processed by people.
IF we are presenting a reader with new information that is counter to
their current understanding we should expect there to
be some level push-back from them. Especially if the
challenge we are present is affecting core beliefs they
strongly believe. We should not assume they will take it
at face value, as such we will want to do two important
things…
1. Present evidence to support our claims.

2. Address potential ‘cognitive dissonance’ reactions to
those claims and our evidence. E.G. “Now I know what
you’re thinking…” - to actively manage objections.
These rationalizations that hold our reader back from
realizing the “truth” are the ‘Demons’ I’m referring to
in this section title*. These are the insidious

The Samurai Creed

conclusions along the lines of ‘I’m not smart enough
for this’, or seemingly harmless ones like ‘I don’t care
about having white teeth’ -- the latter
seemingly harmless unless you sell

I have no means; I make understanding my means.
I have no magic secrets; I make character my magic secret.

The Samurai Creed was written by an unknown author around 1300 A.D. and gives us some food for
thought. In essence it invites its believer to abandon pride in oneself, one's own ‘magic’ and ‘means’, and
instead rely on understanding and character. I find its implication powerful, and a hallmark of anyone
with an open mind.

a tooth whitening solution. They
are objections to the evidence
we present to support our
claims, and without addressing
them we will without a doubt
lose our reader.

170

A’s of Influence

Defeat Their Demons
Why demons? Demons as a concept
are only interested in preserving
themselves at the expense of others,
they actively feed you with things you
desire, things you want to hear -- but
have no interest in the truth or reality.
Just like false beliefs they simply want
to ensure their own survival, with the
insidious twist that they know they’re
not good for you. Conceptually they
sit on your shoulder whispering in
your ear to ignore, to do the opposite
of what’s good for you. They cloud
judgement and rationalize lies.
Yes, yes, IDEALLY you would just “sell to the willing”. Go where your fans are, preach to your choirs. By all means,
you should appeal to them as well, but if you want to sell to more than just the niche that already agrees with you
(and good luck finding just them) you will want to know how to “convert people to your religion” - to convince the
skeptical to ‘taste and see that it is good’.
^ see what I did there?… this ‘admission of an alternative path’ is one powerful way to actively sequester a likely
conflicting opinion; an objection. If you read my claims above that “you should build an argument to counter
cognitive dissonance” and reacted with “well shouldn’t I just try and sell to people who already agree with me?” this
short paragraph is designed to preemptively address that conflict. In marketing, this is often referred to as
‘objective handling’ and is a large part of what we’re discussing here. We’ll take a look at some more ways to
handle objections shortly.

The formula as we’ve mapped so far in its simplistic form looks like this...
1.

Empathize with the reader’s positive & negative views on a given topic.

2.

Present a claim about that topic.

3.

Support the claim with evidence.

4. Support the evidence by actively managing potential
objections.
5.

Reach a reasonable and beneficial conclusion.

6. Repeat.
This simple yet powerful ‘myth repellant’ has been in use for
literal thousands of years. A complementary approach that we
can consider is ‘The Socratic Method’, named after the Greek
Philosopher Socrates around 2500 years ago. Much of our
modern western institutions are built upon this foundation,
and that should give us some perspective on its power. As with
our method, the goal of the Socratic Method isn’t just to be right
for the sake of being right, but to actively engage the critical
thinking powers of the participants… to change minds.
171

For a closer look at how to identify and overcome
objections look at ‘The Contrarian Message Toolkit’
within the next framework in this guide.

A’s of Influence

Defeat Their Demons

on changing minds
The phrase “change minds” is so overused today that I want to be sure the
impact of those words isn’t lost - for a moment consider how difficult it can be
to successfully change someone’s mind. When was the last time you had a
political ‘debate’ online that ended with “Oh, yup, I see your evidence there and
clearly you’re right! I’m going to change my beliefs related to that issue right away!”
-- essentially never right? Why not? Well, nuances of social media aside, the
discussion itself wasn’t started with the goal of finding the truth, it was started to
confirm a belief and to reinforce it.
The Socratic Method’s goal is the essence of what makes it powerful. A Socratic
Circle is not a debate. The goal of this activity is to have participants work
together to construct meaning and arrive at an answer, not for one to “win the
argument” (Source: https://link.sean.co/socratic-circle).
In a real sense, this process goes beyond the ‘prove it’ mentality and invites the
learner, our audience, to examine their core values and assumptions. To bring
them to a conclusion, not to give them one.
We serve simply as a guide, not judging them, not accusing them, but bringing
forth the right questions and evidence to unravel and realign core beliefs. Our
message and the structure of our ‘argument’ is the tool we give them to bring
forth these changes.
Are we still talking about copywriting and marketing here? Well, perhaps we’ve
ventured into a more metaphysical depth, but ask yourself - shouldn’t I be willing
to go to whatever depths? If what I’m presenting to the world is birthed of
everything I know to be true; shouldn’t I? Like it or not this is what you’re doing.
You’re showing the world what you’re made of, grabbing critics and devotees
alike and bringing them into the circle. Evaporating falsehoods, fighting the
self-defeating demons, crushing long-held damaging beliefs of your audience.
You are a bringer of good news, and of vengeance against those who have been
harming those you care about.
YES. You are just selling a thing or a service. But, you are also bearing your soul
with your words, with your creations. If done well they will outlive you, your
words and your deeds along with the lives you changed along the way. This is
the realm of legacy, the thing millions fight and die for and few achieve.

The demons are the false assumptions & beliefs derived from non critical thinking.

172

A’s of Influence

You Won’t Convince Everyone.
“Any fool can criticize, complain, and condemn—and most fools do.
But it takes character and self-control to be understanding and forgiving.”
― Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People
Ideology: A set of normative beliefs and values that a person or other
entity has for non-epistemic [knowledge based] reasons. These rely on
basic assumptions about reality that may or may not have any factual
basis.
As mentioned the amount of resistance you should expect to receive
will depend on how deep your message cuts, how fundamental you’re
attempt is to change one’s image of themselves. There are essentially
three buckets of minds, those that are cautiously opened to new ideas
(open-minded) those who are not (close-minded) and a third, fairly
rare mind, that we should simply accept that we will not convince to
our ‘cause’. This ‘third mind’ is one enveloped in ‘ideology’. It has
latched onto a belief system that has no room for new ideas that
question the core tenants of its belief system. In fact, anyone who
questions them is branded an enemy and wrong because of the act of
questioning itself.
It is a cult-like mentality, and not worth our effort to try and address
(at least in the context of marketing). These are the trolls in the
comments section who argue in bad faith, the individuals who will
twist your ideas and words in ways that no logical person w0uld agree
with. If you’re selling something profound you should expect these
types of individuals to come out of the shadows. The very existence of
your message is a threat to their ideology, and they will fight to
silence it… they have no interest in your evidence or perspectives,
and they should be seen for what they are. Fortunately, they are
mostly on the edges of society, but they can indeed be loud - so being
able to identify them, and actively avoiding letting them pressure you
into silence, is important. If you want to take it a step further, forgive
them for their plight; ‘love your enemy’ as the saying goes… they are,
after all, in a far darker place than you - stuck in a world where even
questioning a belief is seen as dangerous. Don’t let their cynical
critiques anger you, if anything, feel pity.
Now there are people who may seem "closed-minded" who can be
reached, they are the ones who may have legitimate critiques or
questions, even if they choose to present them in a harsh or
demeaning way. These are incredibly useful people because they will
tell you where your message is breaking down. It can be hard to
distinguish the two, but usually they can be identified by how they
react to your answers. If they're willing to keep discussing then
they're not ideological, they just have concerns (ones we should
address). If they start to attack you, or your industry, or other people
like you, then they likely have no interest in actually learning
anything.

Defeat Their Demons

173

Diogenes, an Ancient Greek
philosopher (c.412-c.323 BC), the
most famous of Cynic philosophers.
He lived in a large ceramic jar and
refused societies ideas & ideals. He
was very cynical indeed.

A’s of Influence

Defeat Their Demons asking the right questions
Now let’s take a step back and focus in on the core elements in play here as they relate to the
prior two ‘A’s of Influence’ sections and this section…
Present a claim about a subject.
Ask: What impactful revelation (insight) do we think our audience would find provocative and impactful?
Support the claim with evidence.
Ask: What facts, figures, studies, rhetorical questions, and analogies could we present to support our claim?
Examine the evidence by actively managing potential objections.
Ask: For each piece of evidence we present what is a likely counter argument and how can we proactively address it?

The Goal: To change a mind we need to frame our evidence in a way that engages our reader’s
critical thinking.
Christopher Pappas’ write up on “Socratic Questions in eLearning” (https://link.sean.co/s-questions) does a great job
defining the different types of questions that the Socratic Method utilizes. I’ve added my own thoughts to his definitions
as they relate to copywriting and our desire to not just win, but to persuade. We can use these to help us examine our
important claims, our readers beliefs, and determine what sort of evidence we should supply to support them.
Christophers’ article focused on how to use these questions in direct or group discussions, I’ve added in ways for us to
use these in more rhetorical ways since we won't literally be having a discussion with our audience.

the 6 frames that engage critical thinking

1.

& how to use
them in our copy.

Clarification. - When we bring to light a thought provoking question so we can explore a topic...
Encourages learners to examine why they are asking a question or the logic behind an opinion or idea.
Clarification questions typically require an explanation as a response. Example: Why do you believe that…?
In copy rhetorically ask your reader to consider why we presented a claim or a piece of evidence.
Copy Example: Question We Ask: “What is the number 1 entrepreneurship skill?” Claim: “Copywriting is the
number 1 most important skill to learn first.” Clarification: Why is it important to prioritize the skills we learn? We
are using this question to both raise the stakes and give us a jumping point to better inform our audience.

2.

Probing assumptions. - When we want to call into question a false belief.
This type of inquiry prompts learners to think about the beliefs or assumptions that are the basis of their
argument. It gives them the opportunity to delve into their thought processes and figure out why they think the
way they think. Example: Can you tell me why…? In copy, ask them to consider the path that brought them to a
specific false conclusion. - “everyone else does it”, “the teacher said”, “just the way it is”.
Copy Example: “You may think that rasing investment money, networking, or managing people are the skills you
must first learn to become an entrepreneur… but ask yourself, why do I think that’s the case? … continued …

174

A’s of Influence

the 6 frames that engage critical thinking

3.

continued…

Probing reasons and evidence.
This type of question is often used as a follow-up question. When a learner provides an explanation, you can use this
form of inquiry to probe deeper into the reasoning and logic behind their presuppositions. Example: Can you provide an
example of…? In copy, follow up a rhetorical question & answer with your interpretation of how someone might reach that
false belief, and why that’s understandable.
Copy Example (Continued): ... “Perhaps you’ve been told that by someone you respect, or perhaps it’s just an assumption…
whatever the case I think you’ll admit that it is an important question for anyone who wants to become an entrepreneur. Below
I’ll explain why copywriting is so important and how it can help you avoid the mistakes that so commonly doom an
entrepreneurial venture before it even gets off the ground…”

4.

Analyzing perspectives.
Encourages a learner to look at the situation or problem from an opposing angle, so that they are able to see the other side
of the argument. This is one of the trickiest forms of Socratic questioning, as it can make a learner feel as though they are
being attacked or alienated from their peers. As such, it should be used with caution. Example: Why is your solution
better than…? In copy, invite the reader to consider how other people may have jumped to a different conclusion than them.
Again exploring why one idea might be stronger than another, and why both may have their own merits.

5.

Probing consequences.
Prompts learners to explore the consequences or repercussions of their assumptions and theories. Example: If you take
that approach, what do you think might happen? In copy, explore the consequences or repercussions of their assumptions in
a storyline form, list out the steps a false belief can lead to; along with the steps the right path can lead to.
Copy Example (Continued): … “Let’s say you prioritize Networking as the first entrepreneurial skill you focus on learning. Of
course it is a very important skill, but if you do not have a handle on how to communicate your message, your mission, and the
benefits of your product (or even yourself) you’ll come to find that ‘networking’, even with amazing people, will turn into an
exercise in making friends instead of building business deals. Not that there’s anything wrong with that, and indeed some of the
best deals you will make will end up being with friends… however, better to come into the networking situation with a sound
understanding of how to persuade someone to work with you, oh and it will very much help to have an offer that converts.”

6.

Questioning the question.
Asks the learner to think about the reason for asking the question, itself. This can encourage them to examine why you
are calling their assumption into question. Example: Why do you believe I asked this follow-up question? E.g.- why do
you think it’s important to explore this perspective? In copy, again we’re going to explore this rhetorically. Invite them to think
about why you asked the question to begin with, or why you called into-question their belief. Be honest and admit you have
some self-interest involved, but share with them the deeper reasons… the higher-level reasons, explore why you actually do
care about the subject.
Copy Example (Continued): … “Now, you may rightfully question my motives here, after all you’ll find on this page an offer for
a guide on Copywriting… so admittedly it works in my favor that ‘copy’ would be the skill I’d recommend. And I’m willing to
admit that these other skills discussed are important, but fundamentally (and as we’ve discussed) if you don’t have a handle on
your message and the tools of persuasion these skills other skills will be wasted! I’m going to share with you more concrete
reasons why copy is indeed the number #1 skill you should start with, but I will also share with you how it can and does
enhance the other necessary skills along the way.
Source: Concepts: “Socratic Questions in eLearning” (https://link.sean.co/s-questions)
by Christopher Pappas - Commentary, my own.

Defeat Their Demons
175

A’s of Influence

Defeat Their Demons

systematic persuasion

Whether it’s the Socratic Method, A’s of Influence, or any other method of logical exploration of an idea the point
is, that, in our marketing, we need to leverage the power of systematic persuasion. Consider this your invitation
to the life long study of the subject; it is much more vast of a topic than could ever be covered in one book. Knowing
that there are well documented systems of persuasion out there is very much the first step on that journey.
Put simply, the power of an argument fundamentally lies in how strong its supporting evidence is and how well
we can position that evidence as trustworthy. If you aren’t sure how to handle certain objections, keep digging
and keep searching for interesting ways to support your claims. If you find that you are WRONG about something,
do not fall victim to the desire to ignore this new information; revise your beliefs and adjust your argument.
This refining of your beliefs is what will drive you to search for ever more potent ways to spread your message,
unlocking ever more concrete evidence to support your claims, and more eloquent ways to dispel the objections,
those demons, that inevitably rear their ugly heads.

a persuasive (complete) argument
gives confidence & removes fear.

“The trick to education is to teach people in
such a way that they don’t realize they’re
learning until it’s too late.”
— Harold Eugene Edgerton —

a muddy (incomplete) argument leaves
our reader confused & frustrated

This approach will not only give your reader more confidence in you and your message, but
it will also give your reader more confidence in themselves. How so? Ideas refined in the
fires of critical thinking are much more empowering than those simply handed to us by
others, and especially more so than ideas that are reality just assumptions.

added benefits

This may seem obvious, but in our world of constant interruptions and distractions, critical
thinking is becoming ever rarer. This is why it’s critical that we always revisit the core
benefits to our readers to maintain their attention; as soon as they start to think that this
‘doesn’t apply to me’ we will lose them. One way to do this is to simply make sure we weave
in and out of a narrative that speaks to “you” (the reader), and what benefits specific claims
will bring to them. To make sure you’ve started out on the right foot is, once you’ve finished
a marketing piece, always revisit the introduction and be sure it includes a ‘claim of benefit’
clearly spelling out what’s in it for the reader (main benefit) if they consume the piece.
(See the underlined sentence in the first paragraph of this section for example).
176

A’s of Influence

Proactively answering objections inoculates our reader
from the virus of misunderstanding & ignorance.

Defeat Their Demons

First a reminder that all of the elements of the ‘A’s of Influence’ do not have to live in every single piece of copy.
They should live as a culmination of all of your pieces of work. They are birthed from a single idea or mission, and
the rest of your pieces of marketing are built to support that central theme. In fact, when people talk about
rebranding they should be talking about revisiting that ‘central idea’ or ‘big idea’, not just a new logo or website.
So no, every piece will not need to be overly complex with excessive break outs of evidence and rhetorical
discussions.
You can focus-in on one core ‘demon’ to battle or one core element of ‘forgiveness’ that they need to hear. Or, you
can hone in on one positive aspect of your reader in relation to your topic and ‘fan that flame’, then swing into an
internal fault that may be holding them back from reaching their end goal. Mixing and matching these elements
is the name of the game.

Here’s another hypothetical way to look at it with the parts of the
“A's of Influence” we’ve discussed so far in relation to a few marketing pieces…

Now, of course you can sell by using what you might call ‘flash in the pan’ copy, and perhaps it has its place. These
more direct pieces of marketing focus less on informing our reader and more on brute-force fear-based
persuasion. Elements of which can be very powerful on their own (urgency, scarcity, authority, social proof, etc)
but without a larger picture, a larger message or theme they are simply manipulations instead of strategy and will
only have short term benefits. Once you’ve been ‘found out’ you will lose their trust for good. The better way is to
leverage these elements, but make sure they come second to your message.
If we build up a strong foundational core in our marketing that is woven in with our products then persuasion will
slowly become second nature... we will actively anticipate objections, instinctively know how our offer will influence
someone’s aspirations, and be quick to come to the aid and forgive the shortcomings of the ignorant.
177

A’s of Influence

Presenting Proper Evidence to Support Your Claims
We’ve discussed some of the more abstract ways to
dispel our readers demons. Indeed the way we present
our argument is important, but the facts we highlight
matter too. For the most part we can share facts, figures,
antidotes, and the like without getting too bogged down
in them. We’re not writing a research paper, and the
facts we share should be exposed only to the depth that
is needed; otherwise we risk losing our readers interest.

Defeat Their Demons

views. (Eg. Kurzgesagt – In a Nutshell: 10.5mil subs,
Ted-Ed 10.3 mil subs, SmarterEveryDay 7.49mil, Vsauce
15mil subs). I’ll admit to probably spending the majority
of my personal entertainment content time on these
types of YouTube channels, so maybe I’m bias, but I do
think it’s clear to see that if you can present facts in both
a logical and entertaining way you’ll be much better off.
So how should you conduct research and find properly
supporting evidence for your claims? Later in this guide
we’ll take a deep dive into research & development of
content and arguments, but for now let this be your
guiding principle: if you make a claim, you’ll need at
least one convincing piece of logic or factual
information to support it*.

We can (and should) link to the sources of facts we bring
to the table, and anyone interested in learning more can
certainly dig into those sources, but elaboration just for
the sake of ‘sounding smart’ is arrogant and
unnecessary. For example, sharing a statistic that
supports our argument is great, but diving into the
methodology used to formulate the statistic is overkill;
unless that methodology used is important to our argument
in some way.

* The irony of not supplying direct evidence to support this
claim is not lost on me… however the ‘logical conclusion’ of
needing “at least one” makes sense for 99% of people, if
you’re the 1% who questions it - good! Go research how
much evidence is actually needed to support a claim! The
real answer is usually “it depends”, which is why I say you’ll
need “at least one”, the principle simplified might be better
stated as “the bigger the claim, the more evidence you’ll
need to support it.”

This can be tough to balance, especially when we find
ourselves interested in the nitty gritty aspects of our
argument. If we find something that is indeed
interesting to us that we want to share, just make sure
and prioritize how it benefits our reader in our
explanation.
This, as all rules, has room for interpretation and
experimentation. The advent of ‘edutainment’ content
(content that teaches and is entertaining) is a good sign
that this rule is leaning more towards allowing quite a
bit more factual information come to life; especially in
video. Some of the post popular content on YouTube, for
example, is easy to digest educational content with
millions upon millions of subscribers and billions of

An important note on the ‘edutainment’ approach, just
because it’s interesting doesn’t mean it must be fun/
lighthearted/comical as many might conclude. You can
be serious and entertaining as well. As with most things,
balance will serve you well here. Keep it interesting,
entertaining, but also on point.

Don’t be a fool…
Dale Carnegie observed that “Any fool can criticize, complain, and condemn—and most fools do. But it takes
character and self-control to be understanding and forgiving.” In a conversation between two people this can be
easier to observe and practice, but how about in copy? Well, I believe it demonstrates well the principle that
should guide how we systematically undo the objections that pop into the mind of our audience. We must
approach the task with character, self control, understanding and forgiveness. Otherwise we risk alienating
them, perhaps even inflating their Demons.
I knew it! They’ll say when they sense we don’t understand them, or the issues they face… and as we’ve seen even
if we do understand them; the way in which we present our perspective to them is just as important as the
information itself.
Often they’re coming into our message with presumptions that we’re “out to get them”, and who can blame them?
Unless they know us they have no reason to not have their guard up, it’s only natural. We’ve taken a look at how we
can lower that guard, but let's now look at how we can leverage their presumptions about us (and more importantly,
others) to our message’s benefit.
178

A’s of Influence

5.

Attack Their Enemies

“It has been said that everyone you meet
is engaged in a great struggle. The thing
they are struggling with is their enemy.
Whether it is another individual, a group,
an illness, a setback, a rival philosophy or
religion, or what have you, when you are
engaged in a struggle, you are looking for others to
join your side.”
- Blair Warren | The Forbidden Keys to Persuasion

values are what define our character as an individual…
Whether we choose to do ‘the right thing’ in a given situation often depends on how much our actions line up with our
beliefs; beliefs that are tied to values. If you highly value integrity, you probably aren’t going to cheat on a test (even if no
one would find out). If you highly value community you’ll probably invest time and energy into getting to know and
engaging with people in your neighborhood. If you highly value learning, you’ll likely invest time in reading, studying,
and pondering information.
These values also define the “anti-values” that diametrically oppose our values.
These opposing values are indeed an enemy to the values we... well... value.
The ‘enemy’ of the value Courage is Cowardice.
The ‘enemy’ of the value Integrity is Corruption.
The ‘enemy’ of the value Wisdom is Willful Ignorance.
Our audience holds many values dear to their hearts… our marketing messaging needs to both align with values we
mutually care about, and disavow values we are opposed to.

By clearly identifying and mounting a defense against your audience's enemies (both
internal and external) you can build a sturdy foundational bond of influence based on
the mutual desire to rid our lives of the “enemy”.
In this section, we’ll explore three main types of enemies. Then we’ll take a look at ways to identify and “attack” them,
and why these types of attacks are crucial to standing out from the crowded market place.
First, the more obvious enemies; the ones referred to by Blair Warren in the quote at the start of this section. The
struggles that entangle our audience, that your product or service is designed to reduce or remove.
Second, the ‘values’ based enemies. The battles for the ‘heart & soul’; the beliefs we use to define ourselves and our
missions, and the conflicts that arise when these values are challenged.
Third, the enemies we as marketers define. The “Boogie-Man Enemies”. Do children fear the boogie-man before they know
what a boogie-man is? These are the enemies your audience may not know they should guard against… let’s shed some
light on these enemies, and empower our audience with weapons against them.
181

A’s of Influence

5.

attack their enemies

ENEMY #1: the struggle.

In the ‘Hero’s Journey’ framework found later in this guide, you’ll find a detailed write-up on how to identify the ‘hopes
and dreams’ of your audience, and how to define a ‘promised land’ for your audience. This ‘promised land’ is a place
away from their anguishes as a result of us helping to ascend them to a better life, with not just your product, but the
philosophies (values) that lead to the creation of it (more on this later).

The struggles on the way to that ‘promised land’ are, indeed, enemies.
They can come in many forms, some of which are easy for us to understand and empathize with; e.g. not having enough
money to make ends meet… and some we may have little to no experience facing; e.g. learning disability, physical pains,
emotional trauma. Some of these enemies we can help them ‘destroy’, others we can only help them to fight off for a
time. All the enemies we define should relate to our offer (what we’re selling) at some level; we can extrapolate how a
problem relates to an even bigger problem but we wouldn’t want to sound like we’re just making struggles up for the
sake of having a common enemy.

How to define ‘Struggle Enemies’...
1. List out all the features of your offer.
Even small features that may seem less
important than others.
2. Connect each feature with a struggle it
helps to overcome.
3. Write out how you (or a customer) have
felt about the struggle.
4. Rank struggles from the most significant
problem to the smallest problem.
Once we’ve identified the struggle, the enemy, then we must make clear how the
features of our product/services serve as the ‘weapons’ that fight directly with
said enemy or defend against its attacks. We must also make it clear that we
understand the challenge itself. More on this below in ‘how we fight the enemy.

often our audience feels like they’re carrying the weight
of the world… how can we help lighten the load?
182

A’s of Influence

5.

attack their enemies

ENEMY #2: the value battle.
“People have an overwhelming desire to believe in something …
your new belief system will bring you untold power.”
- Robert Green | 48 Laws of Power

By connecting our brand & products/services with specific values that our audience strongly believes in our
marketing (and business) can build the highest level bond a brand and customer can build. A values-based connection.
This kind of connection lets us stand vastly apart from the low brow ‘car roof slapping’ feature comparison marketing
that most entrepreneurs are forced to battle it out in.

Exhibit A: The Cult of Apple & Their Enemy… The PC
The fact that you likely love them or hate them already proves my point.
Steve Jobs was known for having many talents, but the billionaire founder of Apple might be least recognized for his
remarkable marketing prowess. If you study what Steve did (as opposed to just what he said) to get attention, build a cultlike following, and create innovative messaging it starts to be very clear he had a methodical way of introducing and
selling products. Many of Apple’s products were indeed innovative, however, most were follow up to technologies that
had long been in the marketplace. The mouse, the touch screen, the mp3 player, the personal computer, even the iPhone,
were all 2nd or 3rd generation products to the market, but guess what? The general population’s first introduction to
these ‘revolutionary’ products was almost always popularized by Apple first.
Yes, the quality of these specific products usually were leaps and bounds ahead of
the competitors, which was a huge foundational piece of the success, but the
messaging was just as important to keep them at the top of the market.
Jobs wasn’t concerned with being first to market, he was concerned
with being the best in the market, and having the best marketing in
place to demonstrate the benefits of the product for the end-user.
These two values - best in the market, and best demonstration of
product benefits are the core values that drove Apple's success and
connection with their ‘cult’, and allowed them to charge 2-3-5x what a
similar ‘featured’ competitor product could charge.
And they’re the values that drove the ‘war’ against competitors with lesser
values. Polarizing consumers ‘for or against’ their products and their brand’s values...

Exhibit A:

i’m
a
mac.
i’m a pc.
183

A’s of Influence

5.

attack their enemies

ENEMY #2: the value battle.

The ‘Values’ War. Apple Vs. Microsoft
“The only problem with Microsoft is they just have no taste. They have absolutely no taste. And I don’t mean that in a small

way, I mean that in a big way, in the sense that they don’t think of original ideas, and they don’t bring much culture into their
products.” - Steve Jobs
To industry specialists who understand Apple’s addiction to building off already proven technology, this quote may
come off quite hypocritical. Steve wasn’t talking to them, Steve was talking to his only concern, the consumer.
Let’s take a quick look at a specific ‘attack your enemy’ campaign that Apple instigated in the mid-2000s with one goal…
to go from 2nd choice to the only choice. The principles here will help us to build in strategic pieces of content that will
separate us out as the best choice in a sea of options.
There was a time from 2006 to 2009 when you couldn’t turn on the TV without seeing a “Hi, I’m a Mac - & I’m a
PC” (Campaign Title: Get a Mac) advertisement from Apple. These ads (over 66 of them https://link.sean.co/66-ads)
brilliantly painted Mac as the best alternative to the then marketplace leader Microsoft and the many PC manufacturers
who used their software. To become the trillion-dollar company that they are today, they first needed to take market share.
And how were they going to do it? Go after the industry monster, Microsoft.
At the time Apple’s strategy was to define and attack an enemy (the PC) not to simply create traditional advertising
demonstrating the awesomeness of Mac’s. They realized their target audience needed a clear comparison with what they
were already familiar with, the context of “them vs. the enemy” would accomplish many desired effects beyond just
building context… More importantly, it would also build the foundation of the ‘values’ Apple wanted to be identified with;
and which they knew would attract the kind of customers they wanted.
As Eric Jaffe writer at Fast Company put it: “At its core, the campaign suggested that people who buy Macs have
fundamentally different personalities than those who prefer PCs.” Though there is some debate as to the root ‘cause and
effect’ (S: link.sean.co/fc-1) of the campaigns, one thing is for sure, it captured attention and served as the foundation of

i’m
i’m aa mac.
pc.

rapid growth for Apple’s products & community.

Here are a few select examples from the campaign:
Value Demonstrated

Ad Description

Enjoying Life Over Work

Better — Mac praises PC's ability with spreadsheets but explains that he is better with liferelated activities such as music, pictures, and movies. PC defensively asks what Mac means by
"better," only to sheepishly claim a different definition when Mac tells him.
Bean Counter—PC is trying to balance his budget, admitting that Vista's problems are
frustrating PC users and it's time to take drastic action: spending almost all of the money on
advertising. When Mac asks PC if he thinks the small amount of money left will fix Vista, PC
Genius—Mac introduces PC to one of the Mac Geniuses from the Apple Retail Store's Genius
Bar. PC tests the Genius, starting with math questions, which culminates in asking her, on a
scale of one to ten, how much does he loathe Mac, to which she answers "Eleven." Surprised, PC
Restarting—Mac and PC explain how they both have a lot in common, but their discussion is
hampered by PC's unfortunate habit of freezing and restarting.

Product Quality Over ‘Buying
Publicity’
Support of Community
Quality & Stability

Compilation of 15 ‘funniest’ ‘Get a Mac’ advertisements: https://link.sean.co/15-examples
184

A’s of Influence

5.

attack their enemies

ENEMY #2: the value battle.

Eric Jaffe (Fast Company writer) sums the end game for Apple up very well as he referenced a New Yorker article titled
“Twilight of The Brands” - Quote: “Brands are considered more fragile in the information age, but as the New Yorker‘s
James Surowiecki recently pointed out (S: link.sean.co/ny-1), they retain power ‘where the brand association is integral
to the experience of a product.’ That integral experience is exactly what Nevid’s research* reveals: Rather than sell Macs

application

to certain consumers, maybe these ads wanted to sell everyone on a Mac way of life.”
You might find yourself thinking “this seems to mostly apply to billion-dollar brands battling it out at the top”, and that’s
understandable considering the Apple Vs. Microsoft example. But the principles at play here apply to every business that
sells to humans; because the forces at play here are built into human nature itself. Your brand can become something
people desire to become a part of and make it a part of who they are.
The easiest way to do this is to stand up for something. An idea. A concept. Something you truly believe in, and
something that you know your audience also believes in. It could be as simple as Apple’s tagline: “Think Different”, or live
inside your story of transformation from where you where to where you are now (as it relates to your offer).
The sales page of this book, for example, the enemy I defined conceptually was “lack of knowledge of what truly drives
sales in a business”, the implied value is “learning matters”; which coincidentally ties in well with my company’s tag line
“never stop learning”. These weren’t as strategically planned out as they could have been, I didn’t sit down one day and
decided that my audience probably LOVES to learn; I personally believe deeply in its ability to impact peoples lives, and
that value tends to consistently rear its head in my marketing. The essence of my personal journey rides on the backbone
of exploring knowledge and seeing where it can lead, so without much effort that value lives within my products and
brand.
Your values and your customer's values should live within each and every marketing piece you create, either as a core
theme of the message; or as an additive ‘spice’ to add flavor to the course. And of course, it never hurts to “call to arms”
those who share your values to “battle against” the villainy that is those who do not share your mutual values.

Select Examples of Values… Which three best define your product/service/brand?
Accountability | Beauty | Boldness | Calmness | Compassion | Confidence | Cooperation | Courage | Creativity
| Dependability | Discipline | Diversity | Education (Learning) | Excellence | Experience | Focus | Flexibility |
Focus | Freedom | Growth | Happiness | Health | Honesty | Humility | Humor | Integrity | Intimacy |
Leadership | Love | Loyalty | Mindfulness | Openness | Optimism | Originality | Passion | Professionalism |
Reason (or Logic) | Respect | Sacrifice | Security | Sensitivity | Sensuality | Simplicity | Significance | Stability |
Strength | Success | Support | Timeliness | Trust | Uniqueness | Vision | Warmth | Wisdom
For the full list see “The Ultimate List of Core Values” at https://link.sean.co/100-values
We’ll explore the concept of ‘values-based marketing’ in more depth in further sections of this book, but for now, don’t
overthink it; especially if you’re the main cog in your marketing machine, let the values that naturally drive you and got
you to where you are to serve as the foundation, and as you grow you will find that your audience will rally around your
causes, and attack the enemy’s that oppose it.

* https://link.sean.co/mac-pc-study “I'm a Mac” versus “I'm a PC”: Personality
Differences between Mac and PC Users in a College Sample - Jeffrey S. Nevid Amy Pastva

185

A’s of Influence

5.

attack their enemies

ENEMY #3: the ‘boogie-man’

“The real enemy of truth is not ignorance, doubt, or even disbelief.
It is false knowledge.”
- Lee McIntyre | Respecting Truth
“The [enemy] [problem with] [common belief] of x._____ is not y._____, it’s z._____.”
I love how this structure has the potential to deliver such an impactful new enemy to our audience. One that they didn’t
see because it was lingering in the dark, waiting for the right moment to strike. One that we can help them vanquish by
giving them the required revelations and tools. This “new monster” gives us lots of potential content & marketing pieces
to work with and also taps into “Proving Presumptions” as discussed earlier, along with “Forgiving Their Faults”, and
overall might just be one of the best places to start if you’re not sure what to write about.

Example: “Your product isn’t “not selling” because of its quality, or even your lack of
experience. It’s not selling because your messaging isn’t connecting with your audience.”
This is part of the angle I took on the sales page for this book, I defined a new enemy for them to consider - messaging
that doesn’t connect. Much that follows on the page is support for that claim, while also raising the ‘stakes’, but even
standing on its own the logic is sound if someone hasn’t considered that this might indeed be their issue. I’m giving
them a new enemy, a new target for their frustrations, and then I proceed to give them the tool to vanquish it (the book).
We can borrow some powerful message crafting strategies from fiction to help us better understand the powers at work here...
These types of content pieces also fuel what we might call “tension” within your writing. ‘Tension’ is what makes
things matter, as the book “Master Plots” by Ronald Tobias tells us “without tension, there is no plot.”
Tension (or conflict) is what gives the plot it’s “point”, it gives the audience something to care
about; it defines the stakes for everyone involved.
The Stakes For The Example Above:
1.) Not making any sales on the product you know is great and
will help people.
2.) Your approach to selling may be fundamentally flawed.
These points are indeed drive up angst in the reader
(implying that their understanding is flawed), hold
attention (by implying an answer to the problem),
and arouse curiosity in the solution.

186

A’s of Influence

5.

attack their enemies

ENEMY #3: the ‘boogie-man’

Growing Tension & Raising The Stakes… what we can learn from fiction writing.
The “Master Plots” book goes on to explain that we need to build tension from “the local tension” [the issue at hand] to a
more universal issue [the bigger problem]…He uses the example of a love story involving a girl's refusal to marry her
lover because of his drinking problem. The ‘local tension’ is the refusal of his marriage proposal at the moment, this
tension doesn’t go beyond those immediately involved. The larger conflict or ‘universal tension’ is the boy’s reaction to
the rejection; the universal question of if he values his love more than his drinking; if he can face addiction and overcome it,
and eventually can he deal with any setbacks that may find him along the way. The ‘plot thickens’, as they say, as we follow
his journey to either redemption or destruction.
This is all to say that we can’t just stop at our main claim; “that an enemy is out to stop them from reaching their goal”. We
must ‘deepen the tension’ by transitioning from the “local tension” (e.g. lack of sales because of poor messaging) to the
larger (universal) issues at hand… which, for my sales page, was the detailed argument I built around why
COPYWRITING is the solution to the problem. This was all framed around the theme that there are certain
‘entrepreneurial skills’ that are more important than others. All of which live under that controversial universal topic:
what really drives success.
The end goal of our sales copy is the same as any Hollywood drama, to keep the audience interested and caring. We can use
aspects from drama or comedy, but even the simple act of teaching our reader something new about facing a problem
can be enough to show that we care, and hold their interest. We must always clearly define what’s at stake for them, both
immediately and in the long term; while also clearly defining the real issues behind the problems they’re facing… all tied
neatly together on a journey leading them to our ‘offer’ as the solution.
We’ll cover this process in a step by step format in the next copywriting framework section “The Contrarian Copy Structure”.

local tension - immediate consequences

187

universal tension
big picture consequence

A’s of Influence

5.

attack their enemies

ENEMY #3: the ‘boogie-man’

Putting it all together: How to define & fight these enemies…
Our marketing defines the enemies, our ‘brand’ understands them, our product/service vanquishes them.

Do you have nasty bed bugs? {struggle enemy}
We hate {value} those seemingly impossible to get rid of monsters as much as you do!
The problem with most sprays on the market today isn’t just that they aren’t as effective as they used to be
{boogie-man (local tension)}, it’s that they can be astonishingly unhealthy {boogie-man (universal tension)}!
That’s why we created Bed Bug Bomb. The fastest {value} way to get rid of bed bugs when nothing else seems
to work {value}, period! {solution}
This somewhat oversimplified example holds the foundational units of how we define the enemy, it’s basic features, our
mutual disdain for it, and an introduction to our offer. The real enemy here is the bed bugs, but there are also implied
“value” enemies: the speed of removing them / when nothing else works. We could even continue to clarify “boogie-man
enemies”, like health risks to their family, destruction to clothing, how the bugs have become resistant to competitors
sprays, etc, etc.
The goal isn’t to generate needless fear, as much as it is to empower our reader with understanding while also taking a
stand for what we believe in. People can tell if you’re ‘fear-mongering’ to manipulate them, and will quickly be turned
off to your message. So, keep the monsters real - even if you wish to get creative with how big their teeth are.

“A man with no enemies is a man with no character.”
- Paul Newman

A’s of Influence That Apply
Arousal ~ tap into the emotional appeal of what you’re selling.
Angst ~ ratchet up, then remove your audiences pain.
Attitude ~ what is it now and what do we want it to be.
Authority ~ position & prove ourselves as trustworthy advisors.
Ascension ~ guiding your audience through the stages of growth
Affirm ~ take a stand for what you know to be true.
Associate ~ associate your brand with positive familiarity.
Aggravate ~ aggravate & address your audience’s built in conflicts.
Animate ~ give life to your content
& marketing.
188

A’s of Influence 188

learning how to learn: How to Study Other People’s Marketing
Using the A’s of Influence & The 5 Pillars of Persuasion
Beyond just “telling you” how to apply the different strategies in this guide I hope it's
clear that I also wan’t to give you the means to study them in the real world. Much of
what I’ve learned in the world of marketing didn’t come from books or courses, it
came from dissection of other peoples work. Studying the anatomy of their writing.
Below is an exercise to help you can use to
dissect content and learn from its individual parts.

exercise
observing the framework in action
1. Search Out & Save Content You Find Persuasive and
Identify (highlight) Where the Individual is “Fanning The
Flames” of their audience.
2. Highlighting what parts you found particularly
persuasive and match them to the 5 foundations of
persuasion.
3. Bonus Step - Make note in your Copy Research Journal
(you have one right?) of the particularly persuasive pieces
of writing you find and break down their structure.

example

I found a Facebook post by Alex Becker to be particularly persuasive; not necessarily to
myself as much as to his target audience due to the massive amount of engagement
the post had. - See full document at http://link.sean.co/ab-post

going further…
• Consider your own writing, in what ways can you better support the dreams and desires of your own audience?
• Take a close look at past pieces you’ve created — where did you excel in this area, and where are specific area’s
you could spice up your writing with more flames of desire?

• If possible take a current marketing piece (sales page, lead page, email) that is active… Edit the piece and add
more about the readers dreams and goals, perhaps at the expense of any grand standing you may do about
yourself or your brand / product. Make it MORE about them, less about you.

• If you’re having trouble getting into the mind of your audience, see if you can arrange an interview with a
successful buyer. Dig into the fears, desires, and stories they’re willing to share about “the before times”; before
reaching their goal with your product or service.
192

A’s of Influence

framework .2

the

Contrarian Copy Structure
by sean vosler
This structure alone has generated millions of
dollars in sales for myself and my clients.

“ ‘eureka!’ can be an answer to a question we have never asked. It can be
the articulation of a sudden and unforeseen idea or the expression of a
magic moment that throws us into a new world. It acts like a radiant
sunbeam that comes out of the blue and illuminates a dim past, opening
a new, dynamic horizon.”
― Erik Pevernagie, Waiting for Eureka

193

preface

start with structure

Everything, even the most complex systems, can be broken down into easy to follow steps.
In the following method you'll find what I've found to be
the most persuasive content outline structure ever. I
always reference this guide whenever I start to write
ANY marketing material or content piece or campaign.
It's worth so much in the right hands and is without a
doubt one of the most powerful tools in any
entrepreneur's tool chest. The beauty is in its simplicity,
and it simply works.
Before I share that outline with you, some context will
go a long way to helping you implement the outline.
Most people don't know this but I actually went to
school for art... though I feel like I wasted a solid $40k
on that degree there was one key point I took away from
my time there.
That point? Everything, even the most complex systems,
can be broken down into easy to follow steps.

an advantage, the best of the best don't rely solely on
talent... they rely on systems and proven tactics. Not to
mention they aren't afraid of a little deliberate practice!
Now let's say you don't really want to learn how to draw
like an expert, you just need a drawing...
There is an alternative to learning and practicing all
those steps. It's called tracing.
You know, take out a transparent piece of paper, place it
over a picture, and start following the lines with your
pen…
Sure it sounds like cheating, but guess what - you got
your drawing didn't you? Now I still believe you should
learn the "rules and tools" as well, that’s what this books
all about. However, there's nothing wrong with finding
ways to save time. In fact, the act of ‘tracing’ is one way
to practice your skills. It adds crucial mechanical action.

For example... Want to learn how to draw?
If your goal is to truly improve, you don't just pick up a
pen and paper and start sketching... if you do 1.) you'll
find yourself frustrated with the slowness of your
progress, leading to an inevitable questioning voice
spouting "I'm just not good at this" around in your mind.
2.) Even if you push your way through it and force
yourself to draw day after day you'll eventually realize
there is a much more efficient & effective way to learn
the skill.
Break down the process of drawing into its most
fundamental steps, then follow and practice them.
(Don't worry, I'm not going to try and sell you a book on
Drawing that I'm totally not writing.)
Fortunately, you don't have to personally figure out each
step and break it down, there's plenty of books and
guides on the subject. It's where you should start if you
want to learn any skill.
So many people today live by the false assumption that
they're naturally "either good or bad" at a specific skill.
While yes, people do have natural talents that can give

"I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once,
but I fear the man who had practiced one kick 10,000
times." — Bruce Lee
This "tracing method" can be applied to writing
marketing materials as well. We can start with an
outline of what works, and build from there.
Starting with a framework/structure will allow us to…
1. Blast through writer's block and free up time.
2. Construct our writing on a foundation based on
techniques that have proven to work.
3. Avoid a lot of the guesswork behind the 'structure' of
our content so we can focus on the core message.
4. And, eventually, we can build upon that framework
to add our own innovations and approaches.
With that in mind on the following pages
I’ll hand you a strategy outline that
you can start using today, along
with a break down of how and
why it works.

194

I’ve been using this copywriting structure for
years now, and it has served as the starting
point for nearly all my pieces. It’s perfect for
creating webinars, landing pages, content
marketing video scripts, and just about
everything in between.
It might be easier to list out the area’s it’s not
best to use.

when to use the

Even though you can accomplish all the key
aspects of the outline in around a paragraph of
copy, principally this outline works best in
longer form content. You CAN take bits and
pieces and use them in ‘brand awareness
marketing’ but I venture that 90% of the readers of this guide aren’t running Coca Cola level advertising campaigns where you’re paying
5 to 6 figures to plaster a logo on a billboard. I can’t say you’d need this structure for those types of campaigns.

Contrarian Copy Structure

For everything else? YES, use this structure as a starting point…

some example applications

• Sales Pages - if you’re selling a product or service it NEEDS to have a sales page, not just a page where you list out its features and
add a ‘contact us’ form. I’m talkin’ full fledged persuasive argument sales page that should both educate and pre-qualify any lead
before they purchase.
• Email Campaigns - Short punchy emails are fine, this structure isn’t about adding length for the fun of it… however, the most
effective emails do more than just ‘get a click’, they inform and inspire action. I’d rather have less clicks and more conversions
personally. I’ve written close to 1,000 emails with this structure for myself and clients, and have generated a trackable 40m in sales,
not all sales have come from email of course, but if earnings per email written was a metric in my business I’d be sitting on about
$40,000 per email in revenue generated.
• Webinars - Webinars are basically a sales page with interaction. This structure can give you a great starting point for building out a
webinar that converts, while also taking out a lot of the confusion of “what should be in it”, which in itself can be a headache.
• Content Marketing - Blogs, YouTube Videos, even social media posts can harness the power of this copy structure. Having this type
of content with no key ‘insights’ for your audience will lead to a graveyard of inactive content that was a waste of time to create and is
giving little to no value to anyone.
• ‘Cornerstone Content’ - Is it better to have 100 mediocre blog posts that get a small trickle of visitors, or a few heavy hitting, indepth, and most importantly USEFUL content pieces? I think you know the answer. The key to cornerstone content is the benefits
they themselves can give a reader BEFORE they buy. It’s giving them a sample of what it’s like to work with you, and when done well
can serve as the foundation of a business’ traffic strategy. Plant value, reap the rewards. Oh yea, all good cornerstone content pieces
follow this core structure.
• Social Media Content - You’ve probably seen long form “rants” on social media, especially in the coaching industry… they do this for
a few reasons (all discussed in this section) build authority, give value, drive traffic. The best of the best at this ‘game’ use this copy
structure.
• Advertisements - This is huge. Some of the best converting ads out there right now on many different platforms (specifically YouTube
& Facebook) follow this structure to a T… Don’t be afraid of long(er) ads, they convert because they deliver more than just ‘buy now!’
messaging. We’ll be breaking down quite a few in this section as examples.
Without further adieu on the next page you’ll find the outline of the Contrarian Copy Structure itself. Now, if you “get it”, as in you have
experience with each of the pieces, you can easily start using this outline today. I highly recommend reviewing the materials after the
outline as they will give you the fuel and experience you’ll need to get the most out of the outline...
195

the

Contrarian Copy Structure
by sean vosler
1. ATTENTION - Hook to capture & maintain attention
- Position the problem and why it's important
- Allegory/Metaphor to get into readers head, make them feel
understood
2. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT - What most people think. (the misconception)
3. AGGRAVATE - Here’s the truth on the matter. (the claim)
4. AUTHORITY - Here's why it's the truth. (the proof)
- Scientific research
- Logical examples
- Emotional examples
5. ANGST - Here's the damage that the common belief has on those who
believe it. (The stakes)

- What the damage has done in the readers life
- What continued belief in the wrong way will lead to
- problem of the problem (make a list)
6. AMBIGUITY - Here’s what others or author has done to fix it, and what
you can do… (giving clarity)
- What they need to do now to fix things.
- The specific steps (reduce ambiguity)
- Beliefs changed
- How to remind self when times are difficult to maintain change
7. APPEAL - Summary of benefits & call to action

You have the recipe, now let’s look at each
ingredient and how they work together to create
persuasive marketing copy…

7FigureMarketingCopy.com
196

the

Contrarian Copy Structure
by sean vosler
Starting With The End in Mind…

The End Goal

Build an unyielding bond of trust by gifting our reader an epiphany.
… converting them not just into a buyer, but a believer.

eureka! the epiphany creation process…
An epiphany (from the ancient Greek ἐπιφάνεια, epiphanea, "manifestation, striking appearance") is an experience of a sudden
and striking realization. An epiphany is light when an enlightening realization allows a problem or situation to be understood
from a new and deeper perspective. When we give someone an epiphany there is a powerful bond of trust created in the process.

our
1. acknowledge
readers current perspective

the missing piece…

we create
a lasting bond of trust

introduce a

reader experiences an

new and deeper perspective

enlightening realization

The “missing piece” is where the Contrarian Copy
Structure shines it’s light, it is the piece that separates the
mediocre copywriter, and the master copywriter.
197

Aesop's Fable - The Fox & The Grapes

the missing piece

Harnessing the Power

of Belief Disharmony

“A Fox one day spied a beautiful bunch of ripe grapes
hanging from a vine trained along the branches of a tree.
The grapes seemed ready to burst with juice, and the
Fox's mouth watered as he gazed longingly at them.
The bunch hung from a high branch, and the Fox had to
jump for it. The first time he jumped he missed it by a long
way. So he walked off a short distance and took a
running leap at it, only to fall short once more. Again
and again he tried, but in vain.
Now he sat down and looked at the grapes in disgust.
"What a fool I am," he said. "Here I am wearing myself out
to get a bunch of sour grapes that are not worth gaping for."
And off he walked very, very scornfully.”

there are many who pretend to
despise and belittle that which
is beyond their reach…
To most, this is an obstacle…
for us… it's an opportunity.

198

the missing piece

Harnessing the Power

of Belief Disharmony

Why didn’t the fox want the juicy grapes after it’s failure

epiphany there?) The reader may not be audibly replying

to reach them… they didn’t suddenly become sour, what

to us, but in their subconscious they are processing

soured was the Fox’s mindset.

responses to the information we present. Put simply,
they’re figuratively nodding yes or no to what we’re

Mindset, or heuristics (fancy word) is a “thought process”

saying.

or “mental shortcut”. They’re the actions and reactions
that our minds produce when new information is

This makes sense doesn’t it? You just agreed or disagreed

introduced. They’re happening all the time, and are

with that question didn’t you… knew it.

largely subconscious.

Throughout the following sections and parts of the

A type of ‘heuristic’ happened to our Fox in the Aesop

Contrarian Copy structure I’ll share with you many

Fable, the Fox & The Grapes. When the fox couldn’t

different ways to engage the reader in this conversation,

reach the grapes he desired, after much effort, he

building trust along the way. We’ll explore how to give

concluded that he actually didn’t want those sour grapes.

sufficient replies to objections, how to build rapport

He allowed his failure to reach the grapes, not reality,

through acknowledgement, and a close look at why

color his opinion of the grapes and his desire to reach

creating an epiphany is, perhaps, the most powerful way

them. This story is meant as a life lesson, but is a great

to build trust.

illustration of how our audience can jump to illogical

First we must deal with a potentially dangerous side

conclusions about information we present to them.

effect of introducing new ideas, new ideas which are

These illogical responses can be triggered in our copy if

critical to the epiphany creation process. This is the

we’re not careful. Or, if we know what we’re doing, we can

“Missing Piece”, and can be dangerous ground if we’re

very much harness their power.

not careful.

Our End Goal - Building a Bond of Trust

Since all the other elements of trust building rely on
overcoming one particularly thorny part of human

Large swaths of this book are focused on building trust.

nature, one that threatens to derail any and all progress

Trust through teaching, trust through understanding our

we might make in engaging a

reader better, trust through giving… it’s quite obvious

reader and building trust, let’s

that if someone’s going to invest in our product or

start there.

service they’re going to need to trust us. And the higher
the importance of the product to their life, the higher the

Let’s turn this “problem” into an

bond of trust that is needed.

opportunity.

This begs the question, what builds trust? Off the top of

What specifically is that problem?

your head you could probably can distill many natural

When we introduce new ideas or

strategies to build trust with another person, parts of us

beliefs we provoked what I like to call

deep down understand what is trustworthy and what is

“belief disharmony”, or as it’s better

not. However, is gaining trust in a conversation; a

known in scientific circles...

friendship, or relationship, different than the one way

cognitive dissonance.

conversation we’re having through our writing?
How can we build trust if we’re the only one doing the
talking?
First and foremost we need to understand that
copywriting, indeed most informal non-fiction writing,
is in reality an active conversation. (Did you have a slight
199

deep dive

Harnessing the Power of Belief Disharmony
in marketing

“Any fool can know. The point is to understand.”
― Albert Einstein
“OUCH! That *bleeping* hurts!” A sensible reaction to receiving an electrical shock. Would you
believe your mind experiences a similar sensation when it’s introduced to a new idea or belief that
conflicts with an existing one? Below I’ll dive into the science behind this “shock”, but more
importantly, this bit of knowledge (that there’s a literal physiological response to conflicting
1

information in our reader) should make any good marketer wonder, how can I use this to improve
my marketing? … Not your first response? It honestly wasn’t mine either, but after
applying the principles behind it into my
marketing the results spoke for themselves.
They’re directly responsible for copy that has
generated well over 8-figures in sales.

un-fun fact…
An electric eel can create a potential
charge of over 500 volts.

On the following pages I will break down those
principles, but first - let’s take a closer look at the
psychology behind this very natural reaction.

Marketing, in its most fundamental form, has one main goal. To change someone's behavior. This is
also the goal of persuasion and influence, where they may only differ is in the end goal. In marketing,
the end goal is to eventually create a transaction, a sale. That transaction isn’t just exchanging a good
or service for money, it’s also a transaction of trust. Trust that your way of doing things is right and
that they will benefit from following your way; often at the expense of what they, your audience, currently
thinks is the correct way.
In psychology, the state of being introduced to a new idea that conflicts with an existing idea is called
cognitive dissonance. The “dissonance” or disharmony of belief (cognition) must be resolved. It is
mentally and physically uncomfortable to hold onto two conflicting ideas for too long. Put simply,
when confronted with facts that contradict beliefs, ideals, and values, people will try to find a way to resolve
2

the contradiction to reduce their discomfort.

We, as marketers, are often introducing new ideas into the mind of our prospects, and it can provoke
discomfort. You may think that making your audience uncomfortable is a terrible idea, how could that
possibly be good for a brand? Well, another part of our job is to help them resolve the discomfort; this can
be accomplished by empathetically presenting not just the facts, but also reduce the pain of change
that comes along with attempting new behavior and learning new ideas. All resulting in a stronger
bond of trust between us and our reader.
200

deep dive

Harnessing the Power of Belief Disharmony
in marketing

Introducing cognitive dissonance to someone is like flipping a switch that delivers a consistent, mild electric shock of
discomfort. Their desire is to quickly turn off the switch [resolve the disharmony], and our job is to lead them to the switch.
It is a natural self defense “shock” that comes with all new ideas that conflict with existing ones.
To resolve the cognitive dissonance, to turn off the switch, the person must make a choice… to accept, refute, or
acknowledge and ignore the new information. Our goal in building an argument is not just to get someone to accept that we
are right, but also to change their behavior based on that acceptance. If we prove our point, yet they do not change, we’ve
won the battle but lost the war. It’s not enough to just present the facts and hope our reader changes their beliefs (wouldn’t
that be great), we must present it in a specialized way that guides them to a desire for change.
Put Simply: TRUE INFLUENCE lies in our ability to deliver an argument in a specific way that inspires an alliance of ideas and
creates an overwhelming desire to change one’s behavior to match the new ‘truths’.

Cognitive dissonance is a condition
that we can choose to provoke.
caveat… There are two conditions that must be present in the person reading your argument to
create real cognitive dissonance, for it to be an idea that conflicts with their current belief system…
Condition One: The person must feel or have control over whether they have a choice in the matter,
they must believe it is something that they have an option or ability to change.
• Factual Belief: If you try and convince someone who’s colorblind that something is, in fact, a color
that they do not have a choice in seeing, then it doesn’t matter if they believe you or not - they
literally have no choice in the matter one way or the other. Or a more marketing-related example,
maybe they are required to purchase (by contract or otherwise) from a competitor or do not have the
ability to make purchase decisions for the company, in this case even the best case for your product or
service doesn’t matter - they have no choice in the matter.
• Layered Misplaced Beliefs: If someone believes “they’re not the type of person who does that” or the like, as in,
they don’t refute your argument but feel they can’t make a choice (even if they can) then you must first address
the underlying misplaced belief first. E.G. Convince them that “they are, indeed, the kind of person who does
that” before you can continue to convincing them of anything else.
Condition Two: There must be clear and meaningful consequences (stakes), they must care about the effect of the belief.

• If they don’t care, or you do a poor job convincing them that they should, then you’re not going to create the
conditions necessary for legitimate cognitive dissonance.

• If there are no clear negative consequences to the inconsistency that comes with knowing their idea and your new
idea, then there’s no real reason for them to address the issue.

Next: Let’s look at some examples…

201

examples of belief disharmony being used in marketing
Let’s look at some real world examples of cognitive dissonance being provoked in marketing pieces. We’ll look at a few
different mediums, and later in this section we’ll look at how the dissonance is resolved in the rest of the piece.

Example…

Common Belief Being Challenged…

Email Subject:
can going to college ruin your life?

Common Belief: “College is necessary for a good life.”
Challenge to be proven: There are other routs to success
other than college.

Email Body:
… Most people assume you have to "hustle" 100’s or 1000's of
hours before receiving your first five or six-figure month,
sacrificing happiness and sleep in the meantime. The truth
is... with the right system, it can happen faster than you

Common Belief: “You must hustle and sacrifice many
hours to make a good living.”
Challenge to be proven: With the right system you can reach
your end goal results faster than you ever thought possible.

ever thought possible, and without taking all your time.
Read on to learn how…
Email Body:
… The truth is, a lot of you probably have a product or business
idea you want to create. At the end of the day there’s really only
one metric that will determine if it’s going to be successful or
not; Does it bring enough value to the end-user?

Email Subject:
secret behind 20m in revenue by 27 + (one important
shift in perspective)

Common Belief: “There are many metrics to
determine whether a product will be successful.”
Challenge to be proven: The metric “does it bring enough
value to the end user” is the core concern of anyone who
wants to make a business idea successful.

Common Belief: “1. I don’t have what it takes to make
lots of money. 2. Making money takes a very long time”
Challenge to be proven: There is an important shift in
perspective that must take place before you can make X
amount in a short period of time.

Ad to “Blog” Post (native ad)
Step #1: Ad

Common Belief: “You can't time the market.”
Challenge to be proven: With the right information you
can time the market, similar to how the writer does; and
can result in ‘setting your life free’.

striking balance
Step #2: Content Piece

The challenge to the common belief is often at the
beginning of the marketing piece, serving as the
attention grabber as well as the challenge; but doesn't
have to be. The challenge can also range in
‘intensity’, less intensity will be easier to prove with
less evidence; but may also result in the claim not
having high enough stakes to matter to the reader.
However, too 'hot' of a claim may result in the reader
simply disregarding the concept completely… it's just
too crazy to even consider. Balance is important.

Next: Let’s look at each 202
step to provoking belief disharmony in detail…

A Peak Inside The Subconscious
What happens after we introduce a new ‘contrarian’
idea to our reader…
Before we learn how to best support our claims first we must understand the “resolution process” that’s experienced
when someone is confronted with our new idea or belief that conflicts with theirs. By understanding this process we can
design an argument in a way that combats the conclusions we don’t want our reader to make.

process of resolving disharmony

1. They can change their initial beliefs, change their mind to your way of thinking and accept your idea.
A. Resulting in a change of behavior to match their new beliefs.
B. Resulting in acknowledgment that you are correct, but not changing their behavior.
2. They can dispute your idea.
A. Ideally, you’ve made a strong enough argument to make doing this impossible without them being
factually incorrect.
B. If this is the case you need to revisit your argument, search for where your logic or emotion breaks and
loses your reader (more on this later).
3. They can pull in new ideas outside the initial two to help rationalize their own idea against yours.
A. Ideally, you will have acknowledged other alternative ideas and systematically refute them throughout
your argument.
If they acknowledge you are correct, yet do not change their behavior, they are basically choosing to live with the
effects (including physiological discomfort) of having those two conflicting ideas living in their mind at once. They
resolve this conflict by simply rationalize “you’re right, but I don’t care.” They rationalize that the debate itself is not
important. You’ll know this is the case if your message doesn’t convert into sales, but this can be fixed…

if your message doesn't convert

1. Examine your argument for lack of empathy, if you are simply blasting their idea as ‘wrong’, even with cleancut proof on your end, their emotions will drive them away from you because they feel you don’t understand
them. Again, it’s better to win the war; even if you must sacrifice a battle or two.
- Example: If you’re trying to convince someone to buy your product to overcome addiction to vaping, yet
you never acknowledge that ‘yes it is difficult to cut the cravings, and yes many people have tried to quit
and failed’ they may conclude that you simply don’t understand their very personal struggle.
2. Make sure you’re making the high stakes clear. If they don’t agree on the premise of your argument and what
it actually means in their real-life (the negative consequences of not accepting your argument and changing) then
you need to make sure you have made the stakes clear enough.
- Example: If you were trying to convince someone to quit vaping, yet you didn’t make it clear (and they
didn’t know) that it causes cancer and reduces life span significantly than, well, why should they care?
3. It’s worth noting that sometimes you simply can’t change someone's mind if it is too deeply entrenched in a
belief; (if the denial is just too thick) not without resorting to means that wouldn’t be worth the cost in time
203
and energy… you’re not going to host an intervention
to make a sale. More on these steps later.

let’s take a look at each step in the outline in detail

Step 1: Acknowledge a false belief or misconception,
one that is held commonly among their community;
and likely by them as well…

from the outline

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT - Here’s what most people think.

All sales messages are, at the most fundamental level, an argument for or against something. After all, we’re
working to convince someone (argue) that they should buy our product or service aren't we? Most see arguments
as an ugly event, but they can be beautiful. For instance, a tactful argument with someone as to why they need to
change a bad habit could save someones life. An argument doesn't have to be a battle, it can be a dance.
Now, to have an argument you need a point of contention. This can be a common misconception in your field (e.g.
many people think XYZ is complicated, however, it’s actually very simple.) or you can simply take a stance or claim
that may seem to be “extreme” or “wrong" without more context, which you will then give. The goal is to stir
emotions & inspire thought by calling into question the readers accepted reality, then provide them with an
alternate path, the positive path of change.
For example, on the sales page for this book, I made the claim that copywriting is the #1 skill entrepreneurs need
to learn to be successful.
This challenges what many people think are the most important skill is, even if they’ve never given it serious
thought… the title of the page subconsciously asks you to consider “what is the most important skill?”. Most
people visiting the page will have some notion of what they think that skill is, and, unless they are copywriters, they
likely will not guess that the skill I’ll be talking about is ‘copywriting’.

The title of the sales page asks you to
consider “what is the most valuable skill?”

2: Acknowledgement - define what

It also suggests that there is a most valuable

most people think are the most
important skills.

skill, which in itself may be controversial
and beg to be proven right or wrong.

206

from the outline

AGGRAVATE - Here’s the truth on the matter. (claim)

“Here's the truth…"
Staple the following statement to your metaphorical
forehead: “The goal isn’t only to be right, it’s too
change a belief.” In the heat of trying to prove your
point you may resort to shortcuts, resulting in
your words hosting resentment and lack of
empathy for the fact that you are, in essence,
attacking someone else’s belief.

Step 2: Introduce a counter “contagion” idea (claim) that goes against
their current understanding. An idea that can not logically live
alongside their current understanding, like a match to gasoline.
On my sales page the spark point of cognitive
dissonance starts when I claim that copywriting is
the most important skill and it doesn’t match what
they think is the most important skill. Their goal is
now to resolve the ‘dissonance' in their mind.
Our goal must now is to support the argument in
a way that gently persuades the reader that the
claim is true, and (more importantly) that it’s in
their best interest to put that new knowledge into
practical application in their lives. Ideally, by
buying the book I’m advertising on the page.
Note: If they DID think the skill is copywriting, as in
they agree, then I’m ‘preaching to the choir’,
which is never a bad thing! The rest of the
argument just goes to reaffirm their position and
the 'call to action’ is more about improving their
current mission than it is about changing it.
At this point, the reader experiences the effects of
cognitive dissonance and has 4 main options to
resolve the internal conflict of ideas… And, as
noted, it must be resolved in one way or another.

207

The Contrarian Copy Structure in Action

breakdown it’s not a wheel, it’s a carousel.

Don Draper Mad Men Pitch
Context: If you’ve never seen the show Mad Men, Don Draper is an unwieldy but brilliant pitchman for an advertising agency in NYC
during the golden age of advertising. The show follows his often deplorable personal life along with occasional glimpses into his brilliance
when it comes to advertising. Even though the show is fictional, they often would work in real advertising campaigns from the past.
A particular scene in season 1 episode 13 “The Carousel” captures Don’s brilliance in both pitch and concept. The audience of the pitch, his
clients from Kodak, came in with their idea of what to focus on in their new advertising campaign (for a slide projector); they wanted to
focus on the wheel, technology. Which, as you’ll see, Don gracefully sidesteps this suggestion and transitions into his concept for the
campaign, something much more universal than a wheel, something much more profound…
First I recommend watching (3 minutes) the full scene here: https://link.sean.co/mm-scene

Client 1: So have you figured out a way to work the wheel into it.
Client 2: We know it's hard because wheels aren't really seen as
exciting technology even though they are the original.
Don Draper: Well, technology is a glittering lure. But there is
the rare occasion when the public can be engaged on a level
beyond flash. If they have a sentimental bond with the product.
My first job I was in-house at a fur company with this old pro
copywriter Greek named Teddy… Teddy told me the most
important idea in advertising is new. It creates an itch. You
simply put your product in there as a kind of, calamine lotion.
He also talked about a deeper bond with the product...
Nostalgia.
It's delicate… but Potent.
Teddy told me that in Greek, nostalgia literally means the pain

Note that the original idea (tech/new) doesn’t have
to be wrong, it’s just not as good as your option.

Acknowledgement - what most people
think: new/technology is most important.
Attention - a curiosity hook with a strong
claim (higher level engagement).
Aggravate - subtlety setting the stakes by
establishing the risk of technology focus
(it’s only a “flash”) - and that there is a
much more powerful tool (nostalgia)
Authority - by building out a story
around the concept it both makes it more
compelling while also adding authority
beyond just Don’s word.
Angst - Don unfolds why nostalgia is so

from an old wound. It's a twinge in your heart. Far more

powerful. Even more powerful than ‘the

powerful than memory alone.

most important idea in advertising’ (new).

This device (the clients product), isn't a space ship. It's a time

Ambiguity - Don clarifies his position,
and vividly sets the tone for what we all
are starting to realize - it's not always
about new, sometimes it's about nostalgia.

machine. It goes backwards, forwards. Takes us to a place.
Where we ache to go again.
It's not called the wheel.
It's called the carousel.

Notice: Evidence to support an argument doesn't have to be always be
strictly fact based, emotional appeal goes a long way to prove a point.

Let's us travel the way a child travels. Around and around, and

Appeal - at this point Don doesn’t need to

back home again. A place... where we know where loved.

overstate his pitch, and could just as easily

Don Draper: Good luck at your next meeting.

said "and sign here” - but that wouldn't
have made a great dramatic TV moment.

[end scene] … drop mic.
The scene itself is also accompanied by a nostalgic slideshow of Don’s life, used to great dramatic effect since he seems to constantly be
messing it up; this does much for illustrating the point beyond his words. Out of all the take aways worth taking away here the one I want
to focus on is how Don lifts his claim, and indeed the message as a whole, from what’s called a “local" problem (more on this shortly) to a
“universal" problem. By doing this he brings us from what a few may be interested in (technology) to what everyone is interested in, the
complicated dark beauty that is our connection with the past… it doesn’t get more universal than that does it?
208

The Contrarian Message Diagnostic Toolkit
When you’re writing your marketing messages use this tool to help you identify where you might be
losing someone in the argument, and what you can do about it.

start…

reader reading our message
introduced to
our new idea or concept
(our claim)

NO: happily agree & continue

YES: cognitive dissonance occurs

does it conflict with their
current understanding
or belief system?

Reader: does this matter enough
to me to worry about?

Reader: does the argument
make logical sense?

Reader: do I feel like I have
control over the conditions
in this argument?

Reader: do I have any “ah ha
got you!” information that
counters the new idea?

Reader: it does matter, it makes sense, I can control the situation, and
I don’t have any conflicting outside information that isn’t addressed…

NO: the sale is likely lost
Solution: Make sure you’ve
made the stakes high enough.
NO: the sale is likely lost
Solution: Make sure you’ve
given enough reasonable
proof to support your claims.
NO: the sale is likely lost
Solution: you need to build a
“sub-argument” where you
address the underlying false
belief that the reader “does
not have control or choice”
YES: the sale is likely lost
Solution: what realistic
outside arguments against
our POV haven’t been
addressed yet? Find out, and
address them.

Result: new idea/belief internalized by reader
Well done! You’ve successfully changed a readers belief,
resulting in them building trust in your ability to deliver
on your claims, a critical step in closing any sale.

why making a well founded argument is important
Again, our goal isn’t to scare away our reader with ‘scary new ideas’, it’s to transform that new idea into a powerful
epiphany for them to experience. Epiphanies are, by definition, novel experiences… and novel experiences activate
a specific part of the brain that generates dopamine*. Dopamine does many different things for our brain besides
the ‘make us feel good’ stuff. It also helps us learn, remember things, and drives motivation - along with helping
to build bonds with other people. See footnote for an awesome study on this subject if you find it interesting.
Remember: Fear is mixed with excitement… As much as our brains may fear ‘new’ they also crave it. Our subconscious doesn’t care if an event is ‘positive or negative’ as much as it processes if it’s new; our conscious (or
mindset) is what determines the positive/negative reaction. Dopamine can be released either way.
This is all to say that we can influence whether someone has a positive or negative reaction to our new (novel)
idea… and using the right language, empathy, and type of ‘argument’ is the key to ensuring the reader has an
overall positive experience with our message.
So, before we explore how to deliver that eureka moment from our new idea, we need to make sure that the
argument supporting our claim itself is sound; without a sound argument you’ll lose your reader every time. This is
what we’ll dive into next.
211

* Study: Absolute Coding of Stimulus Novelty in the Human Substantia Nigra/VTA - https://link.sean.co/novelty-study

“If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect
wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather
teach them too long for the endless immensity of the sea.”
- Antoine de Saint-Exupery

Quick Recap… So far we’ve done the following:
Step 1: Acknowledge a false belief or misconception, one that is held
commonly among their community; and likely by our target reader as well…
Step 2: Introduce a counter “contagion” idea (claim) that goes against their
current understanding. An idea that can not logically live alongside their
current understanding, like a match to gasoline.

Now we need to build out our ‘argument’… to prove our claim.

Step 3: Prove your claim, building an effective argument.

We’ve built trust by proving our idea, but let’s take it a step further.
Now we need to transform our ‘new idea’ to the eureka! moment realization.
212

The Contrarian Copy Structure in Action

1.

sales page example

1: Attention - a somewhat provocative
metaphor with a strong claim.

2.
2: Acknowledgement - define what
most people think are the most
important skills.

3.

3: Aggravate - setting the stakes to
how important this skill is.

4.

4: Authority - quote from an
authority on the subject.

5.
5: Angst - ratcheting up the
contrast between knowing and

6.

not knowing the skill.

6: Ambiguity - presenting a simple
solution and a shortcut to follow.

7.

The results? 9.4% conversion rate to FB traffic.
7: Appeal - finally after building the
argument and establishing the
direction to take we give a call to
action to solve the problem.

You can see the page in action at
7FigureMarketingCopy.com

214

The Contrarian Copy Structure in Action

email example

first… add intro

From: Client Name email@example.com via example.com
to your@email.com
Email Subject: can going to college ruin your life?
Email Body:
Couldn't help but stop and glance through this recent Consumers Report magazine with
that quote on the cover... I've talked about it before in some of my videos, but it seems the
opinion that college might not be for everyone is becoming more and more of a common
opinion.
It really makes you wonder... Is there really any
alternative to going into massive debt just for the
HOPE that I might have a better future?
I like to think, and have seen it happen many
many times, that there are great alternatives IF
you're willing to work hard, and learn hard.
(Though I think we'd all agree that's enjoyable when
done correctly.)
**** QUICK NOTE: Only a few hours left to take
advantage of our special promotion with [partner
name] - get all the details by clicking here.
Maybe you went to college and can relate to the
woman quoted on the cover with $152,000 in
college debt. Many of my friends I grew up with
have similar type debts, and not much in terms of future prospects.
It also should make us consider alternative methods of learning valuable skills as a place
to START on our quest for success instead of looking to traditional education systems. Not
simply because of the astronomical cost and low return of most degrees, but also because
the potential for success is much higher on average for those who pave their own way.
Mentorship is an old school approach to learning, same as really putting your head down
and digesting as much content on a subject as you have available. In comparison, college
might seem pretty easy compared to "paving your own way", though I imagine it's
becoming pretty obvious that the return on the time and effort can be much higher.
…… continues with more supporting details on argument & product information

1: Attention - this subject line is
designed to be provocative.
2: Acknowledgement - the
implication here is that ‘college is for
everyone’ is still a common belief.
3: Aggravate - simple question that
asks to consider an alternative to the
accepted way of doing things. Also
opened a ‘loop’ - “what are the great
alternatives?”
Note: since this is part of a follow up
sequence I've included a quick Call to Action
at the beginning here to draw attention to the
urgency of the promotion ending soon.

4: Authority - a simple story pulled
from a well respected magazine gives
our argument relatable legs.
3: Aggravate (#2) - our claim for a
logical alternative approach to
solving the problem.
5: Angst - defining two major
benefits that can be reaped by
avoiding the damage of following the
common belief.
6: Ambiguity - presenting an
alternative option and explaining
the core benefit of following it.

215

framework .3

AN UNLIKELY HERO
You Are Not The Hero ~ Your Customer Is.
Harness Your Audiences Journey to Create Novel Marketing Material

audiences

Overview Of The Hero’s Journey
Your audience is on a journey, they are the hero, and you’re the one to help guide them on their
journey. In this method I’ll be breaking down how you can use Joeseph Campbell’s spellbinding
“Hero’s Journey” to help you craft more emotional & personal copy that will strengthen the
bond between you and your audience while adding jet fuel to your conversion engine.
The 12(ish) Stages of The Hero's Journey is a
popular form of structure coined in Joseph
Campbell's “Mono-myth" book The Hero With A
Thousand Faces. It has been adapted by Jonah
Sachs in his book “Story Wars” and applied to the
world of branding and marketing. Christopher
Vogler as well has written a book, “The Writers
Journey”, that is mostly focused on THJ’s application
in fiction. These three books are great reads, and I’ll
reference them several times in this guide.

We can harness the power of The Hero’s
Journey to both better understand the path
our audience is on, while also giving us some
useful copywriting prompts and inspiration
for all kinds of marketing campaigns. There
are 12 phases of the hero’s journey we’ll be
examining, here’s the key to remember:
different parts of your audience are on
different phases of the journey; to best serve their needs (and increase your conversion rates)
you should adjust your writing based on where they are on their journey.
The Hero’s Journey is most often applied to fiction, however with some creative tweaks we can
easily adapt it to our needs. We’ll go over the traditional hero’s journey on the following pages,
then we’ll dive into the adapted version for copywriting. The most powerful part of unlocking
this ‘journey’ structure is it can transform you and your product/services/brand into almost a
mythical being; sent to help guide your audience on their often perilous journey.

“The mentor represents the bond between parent and child, teacher and
student, doctor and patient, god and man… entrepreneur & customer.”
- Deb Peterson
+ my edit
217

audiences

Overview Of The Hero’s Journey
Part of your job as a copywriter is to understand your audience's world along with presenting
yourself as a guide (w1). After all, what we're selling will become a small (or potentially large) part
of their life journey.
There are two main variables that determine how in-depth we need to go in our writing; the
complexity and price of our product/service. A $12 coffee thermos isn't going to need as much
marketing materials to sell successfully as a $20,000 coaching program. Regardless of the size of our
impact we will want to clearly understand the journey our "hero" is on and how our product/
service will prove itself vital in assisting them along the way.

Our hero’s life is out of balance, as most lives are.
They may be well aware of the imbalance, or have no idea.
All good stories build out a character’s
backstory, likewise, we want to define our
heroes. In general, on an emotional level, it’s
safe to assume members of our audience are
at a similar starting point. They may be an
unlikely hero - Frodo, Luke Skywalker,
Michael Scott, Dorothy etc).
Th ey m ay s e e t h e m s e l ve s a s s m a l l ,
unqualified, untrained, unworthy or simply

Our goal in all of this is not simply for us to

may not know which direction to go to reach

understand them. No, if we really want to make

their goal. To us, we need to understand both

an impact on our audience and inspire action

the light and the dark emotions of our hero -

we must learn how to accurately reflect back to

what deep down shapes their perception of

them a detailed image of their inner self (w4).

reality, what fears, known and unknown

This “mirror” needs to be clear enough to shed

plagues them.

new details to our reader, you are, after all, their

They often haven’t even defined them. From

new guide; or mentor.

the outside, they may seem small ordinary

Your hero may have attempted to change their

(as most people are) yet, as an “ordinary

world and experienced failure. Ask yourself:

person”, they often don’t realize their true

How are you going to help them recover from that

potential - and this where we can work our

failure, and what to do as you are going to give

magic as writers.

them to win the next fight?
218

audiences

Overview Of The Hero’s Journey
Understanding your hero’s ordinariness, along with potential, is key to a crafting message that
resonates and inspires action. Again, their “superpower” is not otherworldly, it’s the innate
desire and spirit toward success. They are merely lacking the right tools and leadership.
Understanding this is important because our audience will respond to the truth much more than
a romanticized version of our message; there’s no need to tell them they have “superpowers”
that they don’t have, you simply need to acknowledge that they - like everyone else - have the
abilities they need, they just need the right methods.

The common factor in all heroes, regardless of where they are on their
journey, is their deep (often unrealized) pursuit of higher-level values.
These “higher level values” may be directly related to your product/service or just
simply common hopes and aspirations of most people. We all desire to be more
creative, be heard as intelligent, and expand the influence of our inner-self and outer
world; the same is always true for your audience.

Value Categories
Relationships: If you know your values, it becomes easier to
identify and connect with those who share those values and those
who do not.
Peace of Mind: If something in your life is contrary to your
values, you experience cognitive dissonance; this confl icted state
prevents growth and even pushes you in the opposite direction.
Legacy or Influence: If you know your personal values, you can
decide which ones you want to pass along to your children — and
how you’ll do that.
Time: If you know your core values, you can stop wasting time
jumping from one thing to another; you’ll have a better
understanding of what fulfi lls you and why.
Attention (and all that goes with it): Knowing your values and the
ones you want to live by makes it easier to cut things out of your
life that draw your attention away from what you truly consider
important.
Source: https://link.sean.co/values1
219

audiences

Overview Of The Hero’s Journey
Important Note: Joseph Campbell’s hero’s journey is an effective way to explore storytelling
and a vital way to explore our audience… However we shouldn’t get too caught up in the
metaphors and allegories; every sales page or blog post doesn’t need all of the elements of
the journey, and its usefulness shouldn’t overshadow our goal of completing an effective
marketing piece. I find it’s best not to literally write a story (every time) but weave the
attributes of my hero, product, and brand into any piece I am writing.
At the very least we want to keep our hero’s background and situation on our mind as we
create, it will always serve us well to come from a piece of empathy and understanding and
not assumptions.

As you start to contemplate your hero’s deeper values we
must also acknowledge the sacrifice and change they will
need to make to realize them.

We want to recognize these sacrifices in
our work, in the mirror that we are
constructing for them. Letting them
know we understand their trials, that
we’ve been there, that we’ve helped
others to cross the chasms. This all goes
an incredibly long way to building the
relationship.
We all are on a torturous path of
transformation, will they trust us enough to
assist their journey? Or will they see you as
another false prophet along the way.

220

audiences

Overview Of The Hero’s Journey
Not only is a hero often unaware of how to articulate their true deeper fears, but they often are actively
working against their own interests. People routinely structured their lives in a way that enables them to
avoid or neglect the need to change, avoiding any call to improve. Change is scary. They have a choice, and
our hero again very often finds themselves choosing avoidance over transcendence. If they haven’t found a
resolution they still need our help. (Realistically they are not our target market if they have.)
Can a hero be happy in this state of avoidance? Happy yes, satisfied; no. It's worth exploring this fact. We don’t
want to flat out accuse them of apathy but draw out the deeper desire that we both know is there.
In fact, and this is crucial, it’s often the case that we do not want to force change upon them at all (change is
scary remember) ~ often the best thing we can do is present them with an entirely new journey; one they
didn’t consider… CHANGE requires much more effort than simply doing something completely new. For
example, asking someone to change there diet is much more challenging than presenting them with an
option of keeping a similar diet but simply adding to their diet to experience the results they desire; more on
this concept later.

terrifying

change. is. scary.

avoid asking for too much change early in the marketing process.
Recognizing that our audience has free will in our marketing is a strategy that bucks against traditional
approaches. Most marketing is the kind that blows up with hype and then evaporates, it’s the kind that
makes the brand the hero, not the audience. Inspire your reader to wear the cape and your brand/product/
service will always win in the long term. It comes with the responsibility of creating a far more compelling
path for our reader than our competitors.
Your audience is ready to take action when two forces collide, an inner calling for advancement and
external opportunity for relief from the change of pain presents itself. However, they will often refuse the
first call, requesting us to explore again the unfailing attribute of humanity, resistance to change. Many
times our reader may justify inaction by categorizing our call to action as a fantasy that’s not fit for them; if
this is the case we need to reexamine our core argument.
Pause for a second and listen (well read) closely. This lesson you are learning here is what created the first
trillion dollar brand (Apple)... It’s the foundation of the highest ideals of humankind, from forms of
government and the revolutions that destroyed them. Everyone who harnesses its power can build an
empire, and those who ignore it are after the ones who are stuck wondering what they are doing wrong… if
you are worried this hero stuff might be fluff trust me, it’s where the magic of real influence and
domination begins. Earning true, deserved, trust is what it takes to truly turn a skeptic into a buyer.
Let’s now examine the 12 phases of our audience’s journey and see how we can use them to better
understand both our audience and the marketing we need to craft for them.
221

change is scary. but hope strong.
We can use each phase of the Hero’s Journey to better
understand our audience, our brand, and how to use it
to plan out marketing campaigns.

Hope drives change and action.
Sometimes it can be tempting to solely rely on fear as a
motivator. While fear is indeed effective, the main

There’s one critical point I want you to keep in mind

difference between fear and hope is that hope; well hope

during each phase of this journey, and it’s the one thing

is a much better way to build a lasting connection.

you can always point to as a guiding star for your

And let’s admit it, both drive change, but hope; hope is

audience…

what we want to win isn’t it?

That crucial point is this, hope is a powerful motivator…

Q: What does it take to turn a stranger into a customer? A: trust.
If you can build and keep trust with your audience they’ll follow you to the ends of the earth. Trust
is built in several ways, many discussed already in this guide, but one key way is to give someone a
truth; duh, you might say... but so many of us are so hell-bent on knocking our reader over the head
with “why our product is so awesome” that we forget that they, our readers, don’t care. What they
want to know is what that “awesomeness” has to do with them.
To understand how our product affects them personally we need to
understand what is going on in their lives, beyond the superficial. What
emotional experiences (positive and negative) do our heroes have to deal with
related to our product/service/industry? How have we helped others fix
problems, reach beyond what they thought was possible, and attain a goal they
may have never thought was “for them”?
Sharing these ‘truths’ with our audience is what builds trust… but first we

People make decisions based on logic and support
them with emotion. An emotional connection is
made when people feel heard.
in short…
To get someone to invite you along their journey you need to connect
with both their heart and their mind. To win a heart, you need emotion,
to win a mind, you need logic, to win
both you need both.
222

- Margaret Mead -

"Children must be taught how
to think, not what to think."
Our job as “the mentor” in the hero’s journey is not just to
guide them along the path to success (as it relates to our
product/service) it also requires us to guide them through
the many emotions they will experience along the way.
It’s a lot like raising a child, parent or not; it is an easy
metaphor to understand. The best parents don’t just tell their
child to do something, they give them context with the
instruction, help them understand the emotions they may be
feeling for the first time.

Each phase of the our hero’s journey leads our reader to a higher stage of awareness related to both our product/service
and their own relationship with the world around it. We need to be with them each step of the way, building up that all
important trust.
In a movie or book the mentor (you) is selling the hero (your audience) growth, fulfilling their destiny, reaching a new
plane of existence -- and you may think you’re just selling a ‘widget’, why should I worry about my lead “fulfilling their
destiny”; and I understand the hesitation, it may seem like overkill. But ask yourself, is Dove just selling a bar of soap?
Or, as their home page puts it “… We believe beauty should be a source of confidence, and not anxiety. That’s why we are here
to help women everywhere develop a positive relationship with the way they look, helping them raise their self-esteem and
realize their full potential. ”
Yes, it's just soap, but it can be so much more…

“Dove, launched as a bar soap brand in 1955 known for its moisturizing quality, was in a box doing
a respectable $200 million dollars in sales in the early 1990s… Sales were over three billion in
2011, the last year that sales were reported, and are much more now. This growth was earned in an
intensively competitive arena with large, smart, established competitors… An important
ingredient to Dove’s successful growth was its “Campaign for Real Beauty”, originated in Brazil
by Ogilvy & Mather in 2004. The campaign set out to make women aware that they have real
beauty, not based on a standard of a young, model-thin body with excessive make-up. The goal
was to change the way that women are perceived and to improve their self-esteem. The Real
Beauty Campaign expanded the brand and its relationship to customers by connecting with an
issue of deep concern: the appearance and self-confidence of themselves and their daughters. It
also provided energy and visibility that enhanced all the Dove products.”
David Aaker - Vice Chairman
Source: https://www.prophet.com/2017/06/doves-brand-portfolio-growth/

223

The Journey Begins
In each of the following phases of the Hero’s
Journey we’ll explore the following 4 items:
1. How the phase can help us better understand our audience
(internally and externally).
2. What our role is.
3. What emotions are they likely to experience in the phase, and
how can we work to encourage the positive ones and mitigate
the negative ones.
4. What tactical items can we create in our marketing for each
phase, and how to introduce the pieces to the audience in our
marketing funnels.

224

from

The Ordinary World

to meeting the mentor

JOURNEY PHASES 1-4

The Ordinary World
phase two Call to Adventure
phase three Refusal of The Call
phase four Meeting The Mentor
phase one

“It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going
out your door. You step onto the road, and
if you don't keep your feet, there's no
knowing where you might be swept off to.”
― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings

Phase One

The Ordinary World

an unlikely hero
The start of that journey, is just, life. Ordinary life.
Let’s first consider this phase (the ordinary world) in context of films. It’s where we are
introduced to the hero of the story. All the complexities are just under the surface and we
get a glimpse of what their current life consists of. Usually, some tragedy is implied to be
hanging over the hero’s head, either internal or external. Something is missing, they might
not even know it. They may not fit in, or they may want something they don’t feel they can
attain. In short, something is usually missing and most of the film is following their
adventure to make things whole again.
The stage is also set, where they are in relation to where they want to be. Their reality
vs. their dream. In Star Wars, Luke wants to go fight the empire like his father; but he’s
stuck on Tatooine (his ordinary world). In NBC’s The Office Jim wants to be more than just
friends with Pam, Michael wants everyone to love him and be his best friends, Dwight
wants to … honestly not sure what Dwight wants. The point is, the struggle from point A to
point B, the journey is what it’s all about. By intimately understanding this stage of our
heroes (audience) journey we will have much more success in guiding them through their
many coming hurdles.

The best heroes in fiction are unlikely ones…
A Hobbit from a footnote village in the land of
dragons and elves (Frodo, Lord of the Rings), or an
orphan from a desolate planet far from the concerns
of the most powerful forces in the galaxy (Luke, Star
Wars), office workers in Scranton Pennsylvania.
Their ordinary world is simple, relatable, and their
environment and/or attitude is holding them back
from reaching their potential.

Why do many great stories start here?

Because most of us see ourselves as unlikely heroes.
It’s one of the most relatable stories there is.

“The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known
struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of the depths. These persons have an appreciation, a
sensitivity, and an understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness, and a deep loving
concern. Beautiful people do not just happen.” ― 227
Elisabeth Kübler-Ross

Phase: The Ordinary World

from the
ordinary to
extraordinary

We see this “unlikely hero” story played out in non-fiction as
well; in politics everyone wants to be seen from “small town
USA”, starting with nothing, striving to greatness in hopes to
help the everyday people.

In business “rags to riches” is the start of any good success
story. It’s simple to understand, where people start is important
to the story, if people can’t relate to the hero they won’t care
about the hero. If we can’t relate to our audience how can we genuinely express our care for them?
Now, if the ordinary world was all there was these stories would be pretty boring wouldn’t
they? There’s always more there than just the ordinary, the extraordinary just needs to be drawn
out. Neo (The Matrix) needs to take the red pill (or was it the blue?), Frodo’s humility, as a Hobbit, it
turns out is the skill needed to bare the ring to its destruction, Luke needed to learn how to tap into
the force. In short, our audience; our hero, needs to be taught their potential and learn how to draw
it out and use it.

If we don’t know where they are, how can we help them get where they want to be?

We’re getting ahead of ourselves here, let’s jump back into “the ordinary world’ of our audience,

228

then we’ll take a close look at how to apply all this to our marketing.
Think for a moment about your own life. Sometimes it might just feel frozen in time, repeating
of the same routines, same problems, same joy’s. Yes, everyone has extraordinary experiences from
time to time, but on average our day to day is, well, ordinary. There’s nothing wrong with that.
Ordinary gives us a chance to recharge and enjoy the simple things in life. However in our context
here we’re not necessarily talking about the day-to-day life of our reader, we’re interested in what
we might call “their accepted world” and “their dream world”, where our reader is and where they
want to be, and how our product/service/brand can help them get there.
At some point in their lives our hero is going to either decide to pursue the “dream world” or
give up, or as mentioned in the introduction they may just choose to ignore it altogether; most
people don’t give up on dreams, they just put them off. If bliss is reaching a dreamworld, most
people are lost in the opposite: a world of distraction and denial.

• Sally from Minnesota wishes she had clearer skin, but thinks she can’t because of her genetics.
• Tom from Maine wishes he could meet the right girl, but has zero confidence because “he’s too
shy”.

• Here Derp from New York wishes he could stop living from paycheck to paycheck but doesn’t
think he can start his own business “because the cards are stacked against him.”

• Jessica looks back on her thinner more healthy self and laments that she “just doesn’t have what
it takes to diet and exercise”.

I’m sure you could tap into this formula and apply it to some irrational conclusion you hold onto in
your own life…

For me? It's coffee…

my “false belief”…

“I could never give up coffee
because I need it to survive.”
Well, what if a doctor told me I needed to stop drinking caffeine or my
heart would fail? I’m sure I’d be looking for a way to quit caffeine right
on the spot, assuming I trusted the doctor.
My ordinary world has just shifted, a void created to be filled.
Now, if that doctor were to turn to me and say “I can see you’re
worried about quitting drinking coffee, I know it’ll be a challenge but
here’s 30 other people who went through the same thing and reached
their goal successfully; and you know what? They actually enjoy not
being addicted to coffee, it allowed them to wake more rested, sleep
better, and enjoy the natural energy that comes after you get through
your caffeine withdraws! Let me show you how they did it...”

That doctor is selling me… and I’m ready to buy.
He didn’t make the transition about him and his talents for helping people, he made it about the results
that I would experience. Being a doctor was enough to at least start the conversation, addressing my
fears built the trust; simple acknowledgement that I had them was enough. And opening a loop to how
my life could actually improve with his solution sealed the deal, or at least opened my mind to a “dream
world” where I didn’t need caffeine.
At this point, I can’t easily look back - he’s given me a “call to action”, a new path to take… It’s not a new
path, many have taken it before me, but it’s new to me. Or as Joeseph Campbell explains it “The Hero
Path: We have not even to risk the adventure alone for the heroes of all time have gone before us. The
labyrinth is thoroughly known … we have only to follow the thread of the hero path.”
On the following page is a quick exercise we can follow to better understand our own audience in this
first phase, their “ordinary world”.

“The latest incarnation of Oedipus, the
continued romance of Beauty and the
Beast, stand this afternoon on the corner
of 42nd Street and Fifth Avenue,
waiting for the traffic light to change.”
— Joeseph Campbell

Your audience is a beauty, a beast, and everything in between...
Their story has been told 1000 times before, a story of realizing
they have what it takes, that they aren't alone, that they have the
power, --- your job when you're selling your message is to simply
help them realize those things.
You're just there to help them see that they can do it, your
marketing is just a guide to help them get there.

229
Phase: The Ordinary World

Phase: The Ordinary World

Define Our Audiences Ordinary & Dream World
Our goal in this first phase are twofold.
FIRST: Make sure that they understand where they are, and where they want to be.
[Example: FROM: Coffee addict with potential heart risks TO being happy and free of the
addiction.]
SECOND: Wake them up to the possibilities available to reach that dream world, or even a
better one they’re not aware of yet.
[Example: the joys of waking up early without feeling you can’t function without coffee, staying
healthy and vibrant to see their children and grand-children grow, etc. ]

To understand both their dream world and their real world is to ask a few important questions...
In relation to our product or service, the industry or niche that we service.
1. What dream worlds could our hero be harboring?
1.

Do they wish they had better health, wealth, or more happiness?

2. Do they wish they could give more back to their community, family, or environment?
3. Do they want to have more time to spend with those they care about? How much more time?
2. Why are they putting off their pursuit ?
1.

Are they waiting for “the right time”?

2. Do they think they don’t have enough resources at their disposal?
3. Are they waiting for a specific event to happen in their lives first? (A certain age, a specific amount of
money in the bank, the right mindset)
4. Are they afraid of what others might think, or how they might feel about themselves if they chose to
pursue their dream?
5.

Do they simply not know what possibilities are out there for “normal people”, assuming that their dream
world is meant for someone else, someone with a different childhood/family/intelligence/looks?

3. What emotional based fears are holding them back?
1.

Are they too shy, too outgoing?

2. Do they feel they don’t have enough patience, knowledge, or experience?
3. Have they experienced the pain of being overconfident
and the bite of failing that comes along with it?
4. Have they been told their whole life that they don’t have what it takes;
holding onto the fear and resentment of the past, even after they’ve
seen that they DO have what it takes?

230

Phase:
3.
Have
The they
Ordinary World
experienced the pain of being overconfident and the bite of failing that comes along with it?

questions
continued…
4. Have they been told their whole life that they don’t have what it takes; holding onto the fear and resentment of
the past, even after they’ve seen that they DO have what it takes?
4.What deep hopes are they likely holding onto unconsciously, and/or that you would wish for them?
1. You don’t know what you don’t know, what possibilities do you wish your hero did know they could attain?
2. What kind of better person do you know they could become if they just… ?
3. How would they better experience the world around them if they just… ?
5.What past positive experiences have they likely had related to our industry/product or service?
6.What past positive experiences have they likely had related to our industry/product or service?

visit: link.sean.co/hj-1 to download the worksheet in printable form
As you can see with these questions, there’s a lot of pondering that can be done about our hero and their
situation before we write. Understanding these motivations and situations isn’t as difficult as it might seem,
why? Because they’re human, just like you. If you’re selling something you believe in, you’ve seen people in their
‘ordinary world’ apply the transformative power of your product/service and reach a ‘dream world’... you should
want that for everyone who needs it. If not, if you don’t believe in your product/service, you can use these
questions to better refine that product/service. You can use the answers to adapt what you’re selling to the needs
of those who are buying. Or, you know, just find something better to sell.
Something else to remember, we can’t fix all their problems. But guiding the to the solution, and fixing some of
them often leads to them fixing others. The process of working towards the dream world is as important (if not
more important) than reaching the dream world itself.

summary & steps
• Our audience may not be fully aware of their potential, our first job is to inform and inspire them that it
is possible to reach it; while also clearly defining what “it” is.

• By asking the right questions about our audience’s situation we can better understand where they’re
coming from, and where they’re going.

• If you don’t truly believe in your product/service you need to either refine it or find a new one to sell.*
* If you’re a copywriter by trade this can be a tricky one, you can’t always choose how your customers deliver their
product/service, and it can be tempting to take on any client ~ especially ones that pay well. But trust me, you
won’t make a name for yourself, or even enjoy your job, if you write for things you don’t believe in. Your copy
quality will suffer, resulting in you either getting burnt out, jaded, or just not improving as a writer over time.
Your best bet is to sign onto projects you believe in, or better yet - go after clients specifically who have products or
services you believe in. Easier said than done I know, but trust me, it’s the right path long term.

It’s not always about doing things better, sometimes it’s
about doing better things.

231

Phase: The Ordinary World

the establishing shot
(bet you can guess this one)

examples & case studies

Elements in these headlines give LOTS of information to our audience in a very short sentence. When establishing a setting often
times a film or book will use what’s called an establishing scene, it gives us information about where we are, what time it is, and a
general sense of mood. In our writing we can use ‘time’ based language to help set the scene (eg: Now, Tonight, Instantly).

} implying a ‘dream world’ is waiting
Your Ordinary world can be better, soon, and easy…
• “Your Best Summer Body”
• Translation: Reach your Dream World by summer,
• Implication: your ordinary world isn’t the best.
• “Amazing Sex Tonight”
• Translation: Reach your Dream World by tonight,
• Implication: There’s a secret to amazing sex you don’t know, yet - and
your ordinary world isn’t amazing, yet.
• “Look Better INSTANTLY”
• Translation: Reach your Dream World instantly,
• Implication: There’s something simple missing from your ordinary
world that, if added, can look better now.
• “Big Arms Now!”
• Translation: Reach your Dream World now,
• Implication: Big arms good, small arms bad, get big - now.

connecting a brand to a ‘dream world’ {
Ambitious By Association…
“Entitled 'A Shot Worth Taking,' the campaign celebrates the tequila brand’s
history as a shot-taking, boundary-pushing brand, inspiring fans to adopt this
same mentality … The campaign features several real-life shot takers identified
and selected through their own crowdfunding pages. Hornitos provides each
individual with financial support, in exchange for the digital media spotlight, as
they take their so-called shot in life.” - TheDrum.com
This campaign does a wonderful job at connecting a brand and product with
ambition. The word play “shot takers” does a great job to drive home the
association, and there’s a clear play between ‘the ordinary world’ ( X people
want to cross something off their bucket list ) and the dream world ( only 77 are
taking their shot. )
Our take away should be that what people want, vs. what people have doesn’t
have to be material, it can be an attitude.

Agency: the community | VP, Executive Creative Director: Rodrigo Butori Sr. Copywriter: Aaron Zimroth

Pursuant to 17 U.S. Code § 107, certain uses of copyrighted material "for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use),
scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright."

232

Phase: The Ordinary World

examples & case studies
Playing on “ordinary world” to “dream world” is especially useful at the beginning of a
campaign, the ‘first touch’. Usually this is in the form of either content marketing or
advertising. Below are some online advertising examples that tap into that from
ordinary too extraordinary storyline.

“What if you could travel several times a

“Sell More. Work Less.”

“You’ve worked hard to live well.”

year to STUNNING locations…?”

• Translation: You're not selling

• Translation: You’ve earned the right to live

• Translation: You can have a business
that allows you to travel.
• Implication: You need to add this

enough, and you’re working too much.
• Implication: Use our tool to sell more
and work less.

well from all your hard work.
• Implication: If you feel you’re not “living
well” then you need to see how the

business model to your business.

company can help you accomplish this.

“You need to be aware of which landing

“Is your business “stuck”? We’ve

“New, legal, and safe class of smart

pages work … anyone interested in

developed a specific formula…”

drugs are helping college students… ”

raising their ROI will be interested.”

• Translation: If you ever feel stuck

• Translation: You don't have to resort

• Translation: Your landing pages aren’t
performing how they should.
• Implication: We have what you need to
change that and improve your

(who hasn’t) then you’re missing this.
• Implication: There’s a secret to
doubling sales that you can unlock
with this training.

to illegal drugs to perform, there’s a
better way.
• Implication: You’re not performing at
your full potential.

marketing.
Pursuant to 17 U.S. Code § 107, certain uses of copyrighted material "for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use),
scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright."

233

Phase: The Ordinary World

establishing your ordinary and dream worlds

The following is a simple exercise you can accomplish in less than 30 focused minutes, it will give you a reference tool
you can return to again and again as you create your marketing pieces.
THE CHARACTER SKETCH EXERCISE
Take a piece of paper out and answer the questions posed earlier in this section.
Or use our handy worksheet form you can find here: link.sean.co/hj-1
1. If you’re not entirely sure the answer first give it your best guess, channel your inner empathy with the
knowledge you have.
2. Be open to talking directly with current client/customers about their experiences, if you don’t have direct
access to customers do what you can to connect with individuals who you trust to give you insightful feedback.
A DAY IN A LIFE EXERCISE [Before, After, and In-Between] d Worksheet
With these answers in hand you can write out a simple “day in the life of my potential customer” narrative piece.
This doesn’t have to be a long story, keep it focused on just elements of their daily life that is affected by your product or
service. 2 to 3 paragraphs should be plenty.
1. What was your hero’s life like before they had your product/service?
2. What was your hero’s life like after they had your product/service?
3. What was the buying experience like [hypothetically]?
In a few short paragraphs you have done more prep work than 99% of marketers and have created a powerful reference
tool to return to again and again.

ordinary world worksheets
Through the different sections of the hero's journey we've created R&D worksheets that you can fill out to help design
your marketing campaign. Combined they will give you a full sketch

Worksheet #1 Visit: link.sean.co/hj-1

Worksheet #1 Visit: link.sean.co/hj-2

Now that we understand our hero’s world view, let’s take a closer look at our call to action,
the nagging voice of change we need to install234
in our heroes’ mind.

action

Phase Two

Call to Adventure

call to adventure

stoke the nagging voice of change
The changes we need to make in our lives often lives in the form of a nagging voice in the back of our
minds. What we know needs to happen, but often what we choose to ignore. Marketing is first about joining
that conversation that’s already going on inside your readers mind. This conversation may be conscious or
just below the surface, with just a dash of awareness to the problem. I like to call the process “putting
‘truths’ in-front of the hero”. These truths are sometimes hard to swallow, “you need to lose weight for your
health”, “if you want to have better skin than you need to stop drinking alcohol”, “if you want to start a
business you need to accept certain sacrifices”. Often they’re things that, if admitted, would drive growth in
the person.
However, the more difficult they are to accept the stronger the bond we create when they are accepted.
These truths are related to two main categories…

Truths Category #1: What is “the dream” and why they indeed CAN reach it, even
if they don’t believe they can yet.
Truths Category #2: What’s (actually) been holding them back from reaching their
dream world (internal & external) ; the villain.

The answers are all clearly defined for us by the questions posed in the previous section.
We simply must draw these truths out, and place them into our marketing materials.

“Not all who hesitate are lost. The psyche has many secrets in reserve…

and these are not disclosed unless required.”
― Joseph Campbell, The Hero With a Thousand Faces
235

framework .4
TEACH, TRANSFORM, TRANSACT
Teach a Man to Fish & You Can Sell Him Fishing Gear

242

“If you want to build a ship, don't drum up
people to collect wood and don't assign them
tasks and work, but rather teach them to long
for the endless immensity of the sea.”
- Antoine de Saint-Exupery

fact
Learning removes fear.
Teaching earns trust.
A beautiful network of converging cells composes the basis
of all learning and memory. This neural web contains the
process for storing both the new information we observe
along with memory retrieval. Our subconscious employs a
process called ‘neuroplasticity’ to modify these networks
function in response to changes in both internal and
external environments. Not every influence on this network
is created equal. The scale of the transformation is
determined by the weight of the emotions behind the
influence. As Eugene Rubin MD, Ph.D. puts it: “A dramatic
emotional event can be extremely effective at causing the
formation of strong and lasting connections. Such strong
associations can be difficult to ‘disconnect.’ As we may
know from our own experiences, there are highly emotional
events from decades ago that we remember easily and
vividly.”

exposing a person to varying degrees of heights under
controlled conditions in which fear and anxiety are
dampened by relaxation or other techniques. This exposure
may involve actual heights - such as looking out from
windows on higher and higher floors of a building - or may
involve virtual scenarios, i.e., using computer programs to
simulate frightening situations. Repeated exposure to
increasingly fearful situations may eventually allow a person
to become less bothered by the feared stimuli. This process
results from the brain being trained to diminish the
effectiveness of the feared stimulus to generate emotional
responses.
In other words, the brain’s wiring is being
modified by a controlled form of learning.”
These important insights should interest both entrepreneurs
and psychologists alike. For us, this knowledge serves as an
important tool. A tool that can dramatically impact the allimportant “action” phase of our copywriting process. To
get someone to take action often times we need to change
deeply rooted beliefs. Often our job is to first “unlearn”
defective belief structures and replace them with accurate
ones. Now, unfortunately, we can’t always hook the person
up to a simulation to reprogram them, the alternative is to
simply (but effectively) educate them. Easier said than done!
In this method, we’ll be exploring how the mind learns and
how we can build content to rapidly influence our audience.

Considering neuroplasticity is influenced by what a person
puts into their mind, along with how they react to the
information, it’s reasonable to expect that we can influence
the process.
Dr. Rubin continues with the question “Could this be
applied to “unlearning” something?” and further explains
“Some individuals are handicapped by specific fears that fall
outside of what most would consider normal. Some people
are profoundly afraid of heights, for instance. It is likely that
the nerve cells in these persons’ brains are wired in such a
manner that exposure too heights provokes a dramatic fear
response.”

Reference: https://link.sean.co/psychology-today-fear-ref

He goes on to explain “One common treatment for fear of
heights involves a process known as ‘desensitization.’ This
behavioral approach involves a therapist systematically 243

TEACH, TRANSFORM, TRANSACT

Teaching is Selling

Selling is Teaching
The Best Sales People Are…

Harvard Business Review recently conducted a study (http://link.sean.co/hbr )
of top sales reps, and they found out something interesting. Many think the
best of the best sales people are those who focus on developing close,
personal relationship with the customer. Logically it makes sense that the
better the relationship we have with the customer, the more likely we are to make
a sale. While this is true to a certain point, they found that the best of the best
are those who CHALLENGE their prospects perspective on the problem or
solution, and offered an alternative problem and solution to the REAL problem.
For example, let’s say you want to hire someone to build a website for your
business. You have a pretty good idea of what you want on your website, a home
page with a mission statement, an about page, a contact page - you know, all the
traditional pages you see on business websites.
You talk to a few vendors who tell you some price points, and their impeccable
record with customers.
Ok great, they’re on the list of possible hires. Then someone comes in and says (or challenges you); “You don’t
need a website, you need an online lead generation funnel!”. They go on to teach you what a lead
generation funnel is, how it works, and how it can add X amount of leads per month to your business, increasing
potential revenues $Y amount per month. You thought you needed a traditional website, and the “solution”
providers catered to what you thought you needed, where as the “challenger” actually taught you what you really
needed and sold you the results.
We need to be that last vendor, the one challenging prospects on what they THINK they need, and selling them the
right solution to the right problem. This mindset change is called a “eureka moment,” and almost always results in
a closed deal.
When you’re writing your copy, ask yourself, “am I challenging my customer to think differently
about their problem?”
This builds on the challenge and convert principle. As noted above, people are generally wrong with what they
think they need. Our job as a “solutions provider” is to convince them that our product or service is actually what
they need. Once we’ve challenged them on what they think, and provided a eureka moment, it’s time to close the
deal with the ‘benefit of the benefit’.
Going back to the “lead generation funnel” sales vendor example above, he first taught an alternative path to
the results the business actually needs. They don’t need a home, about, or contact website - they need a
website that generates real leads. Then he explained the benefits, more leads and revenue for the business. We can
take this one step further with ‘the benefit of the benefit’.
Infomercials do this almost comically: “Tired of being rejected at the bar because of your bad hairline!? It’s time
you got the attention you deserved by buying XYZ hair growing product!”. The benefit of the benefit here, is
stopping rejection at the bar. They’re not selling a hair product, they’re selling a confidence product. Answer this
question: What are you really selling? Sell that, not your solution.

learning how to teach

Blooms Taxonomy of Educational Objectives

Blooms Taxonomy was designed in the 1950’s to help teachers better assess the level of understanding a student might
have on a topic. It’s built on six different levels, and as an individual moves up the the levels the deeper the
understanding on the subject they have.
We can use this method of defining someone’s level of understanding (1) to help us better qualify our audience’s
experience with our topic. If they have limited understanding, we’ll want to spend more time giving context in our
messaging… if they’re more knowledgeable than perhaps we can quickly cover the basics. (2) We can use it to make
sure we’re clearly explaining our topic and taking them from a “basic knowledge” of our subject to being able to make
an “educated judgement”.
Having six different levels of understanding gives us more tools to work with as we write copy. If we can take our
reader from knowledgeable too well informed on our subject we build trust… and trust is one of, if not the most,
valuable resource in selling.

Evaluation – This last level means that people can make educated judgments
about the information, and they can propose new solutions.
Synthesis – Synthesis means that individuals can put together all of the
elements to form a whole.
Analysis – can break the information down into parts, & then examine those
parts individually. Can see how each piece relates to the whole.
Application – When people can apply their knowledge, they can use the
information in a new or different way to solve problems.
Comprehension – The individual can derive meaning from their knowledge by
organizing, comparing, and interpreting the information
(start here) Knowledge – Most basic level. Ability to remember specifics such as
terminology and dates, facts and figures to answer basic questions.
.

evaluation
synthesis
analysis
application
comprehension
knowledge

PLAN: Where does your target audience fall on the scale?

EVALUATE: Through the process of our writing did we ascend our reader
through each phase of the pyramid?
of Blooms Taxonomy: Use to determine your level of experience of your reader,
{ Benefit
helping you determine how complex to frame your content.

learning how to teach

Blooms Taxonomy of Educational Objectives

Evaluating Our Writing With This Method…
Let’s say we’re trying to sell a book on copywriting (heh) to an audience, business owners, who don’t know much about
the subject. They consider advertising an expense, marketing a pain in the rear, and get frustrated whenever they have
to create any type of marketing material. The important part here is that our audience is pretty new to the idea,
they may have not even heard the term, but whether they realize it or not they’re doing copywriting on a regular basis.
In Blooms Taxonomy, they’d be right at the knowledge stage.
Let’s take a moment and empathize with our reader. They very much dislike writing copy, yet they have to do it on a
regular basis. The marketing material they make has a direct influence on their income, and we have an opportunity to
show them WHY it doesn’t have to be so painful, and how we can help them find a less painful path to success. With
that in mind we can pour onto the page a plea, as any good teacher who cares about his students would, for them to
apply what we’re teaching. But first we have to establish the value of what we’re teaching/selling. Otherwise? They’re
simply going to tune us out.
Here’s a look at an abridged sales page for our book on copywriting framed with Blooms Taxonomy…

knowledge { By the end of this section your reader is going to have a clear picture of what
copywriting is and why their personal wealth has a DIRECT correlation with their ability to write
quality copy for your business.

comprehension { By the end of this section they’re going to have a clear understanding
that there are different methods and schools of thought to copywriting and be see the
importance to learning what they are and how they were established.

application { By the end of this section you’ll have a useful, action oriented, and clearly
understood strategy that you can apply to your marketing right now to increase results.

synthesis { By the end of this section you will have a clear picture of the difference between

a successful piece of marketing copy vs. one that doesn’t accomplish its goal.

evaluation
analysis

#7

Copywriting

Remove, reduce, and
don’t recycle.

Quickie

We often repeat to clarify when we had it the first time. Don’t recycle old points just because we
are not sure we got the point across. (A perfect example being the last two sentences, they both made
the same point so only one was needed.)
If your point needs to be expanded upon to get everyone on the same page, say as much. This
allows you more advanced readers to drive ahead to the next point.
In short, say it once and say it right.
This doesn’t mean if you have a lot of points to make you shouldn’t make them all, some arguments
need more support than others ~ just make those points brief.
A practical way to accomplish this is to (1) write as you normally would – (2) take a step away from
your work for at least 24 hours (as long as possible) (3) revise with the goal of reducing 20% of your
words, 10% of your sentences, and any other fat gristle that doesn’t gives substance or good taste

W

to your work. This is what Stephen King calls, “killing your darlings”, and it’s what’s best for you
and your work.

I would have written a shorter letter, but I
did not have the time.
- Blaise Pascal
253

From A Mountain of Stone to a Golden Ring
How to Map Out Your Marketing Pieces, Brainstorm,
and Collect Research to Support Your Arguments

topic
RESEARCH

Data, Knowledge, Principles, Wisdom.

We All Know it Needs to Be Done…
but most of us kinda hate it.
a few of my research notebooks from Evernote
Put plainly, research is a part of the marketing
and copywriting process that can be quite a
pain in the ass. Especially if you’re tired of
thinking and just ready to start creating.
There’s also the fact that many today don’t
really have a “system” in place for doing
research.
Often our research methodology may consist
of pulling together a few blog posts, flip
through some books and capture a few notes,
and maybe chat with a friend on the subject.
Then we sit down and pull together loose ends
on a piece of paper, hoping that it turns into
something useful for our readers; all while
finding ourselves fighting off anxieties related
to our lack of knowledge on the subject
Let’s put an end to that shall we?
In this method, I’m going to walk you through
a straightforward strategy that will make
research a breeze, and give you all the tools
you need to make persuasive copy and useful
content.
First things first we need to establish
some terms, some priorities, and some
structure; all things entrepreneurs tend
to skimp on; myself included.
270

The Basics…
Why do research in the first place?

As most of the copy methods in this

experience you need to assign

guide have touched on, persuasion is the

terminology and structure to that

fundamental key to great copy.

experience if you want to help others.

What’s the first key step to persuasion?

I’m not claiming that to add value to
someone else's life you first need to do

Being armed with knowledge, principles,

exhaustive research on a subject.

and wisdom around the topic were looking

Sometimes a story, an allegory, or simply

to persuade.

telling someone flat out “well here’s how I
did it” is worth quite a bit. However, if

If your audience knows more on the

your goal is to build wide appeal, create

subject than you do then, well, you lose all

unquestionable results, and design full

your leverage. More importantly, you lose

proof systems then research needs to be

the valuable gift of giving insight.

part of the process.

Teaching someone something that will
help them is perhaps the most powerful

What are we researching as marketers/

form of persuasion, it builds trust,

entrepreneurs/copywriters? Our product,

likability, and sets you up as a source to

the product’s industry, our audience,

return to when that person finds themself

among other things. Mostly we want to

at a loss for answers.

have an intimate understanding of the
puzzle pieces orbiting our products world.

How do you learn more than your target
audience on a subject..? Research. Even if
you have a large amount of real-world

just so we’re on the same page…

What is research?
While writing this section I’ve been plagued by this seemingly simple
question. Is research simply reading as much as possible on a subject? Is
it creating a hypothesis and testing it? Is it a specific set of steps, or is it
something you kinda’ make up along the way? I honestly can’t say I’ve
found one solid answer, but I have found a satisfactory set of principles
to stick too, and that’s what I’m going to break down in this guide.

in general…
Research is the process of distilling data into knowledge,
knowledge into principles, and principles into actionable
wisdom. Well, I suppose that’s technically the process of
learning… but I’ve found it suits our needs very well.
The goal of researching is to learn is it not?
Put less abstractly { research is a set of actions we take to turn
data into useful tools for ourselves and others.
272

Tell me and I forget…
teach me & I may remember…
involve me and I learn.
-Benjamin Franklin

Before we break down the specific
steps you can take to quickly and
effectively research ANY subject…

let’s take a quick journey underground…
Researching is a lot like the process of crafting a gold ring. This complex, time
tested, and laborious task isn’t easy… but it creates something truly valuable. The fi rst step
in creating our ring is extracting fragments of gold ore out of tons of stone, often mined
from deep underground.
Similarly, when we start our research process we’ll be collecting and sorting heaps of useless ‘ore’, searching
for the gold nuggets of information.

One ring to rule them all…
Further separation of the gold particles
from other metals comes next. Silver,
among other heavy metals like zinc,
silicon, iridium, and cobalt (though still
valuable) still need removal.

This is a solid reason for us to create
and follow a set of standards for our
research projects. It’ll save us a ton of
time, and will also keep us from possibly
losing valuable bits of information in
the process.

This is done in a smelting process
involving chlorine refining. If we want
pure gold, the most valuable information,
we need not settle for “gold
alloys” (gold made with silver)... we
want only the best. Like the separation
of the alloys, we need to use ‘critical
thinking skills’ to again refine our
research data. What is useful, vs. what
isn’t going to help us.
This process can be overwhelming without a
set of standards, a sifting process.
When smelting gold the goldsmiths
know precisely how to pull out the
different metals, how to discard the
useless and set aside valuable (but
impure) alloys. Imagine how much
time it would take if every time they set
down to refine gold ore they had to
come up with the method from scratch!
Heck not to go down too far down the metaphorical rabbit hole but there are many dangers in the
gold smelting process that are apt to our discussion. There are poisonous materials used
in the smelting process, mercury, cyanide, chlorine, to name a few.
In our research process, we too may come across disinformation that can harm our
perspective or spoil our whole project, we can get locked in a never-ending cycle of
reading and re-reading information without actually gathering anything useful; a major
time suck and something I often fall victim to. Or, again, we may find ourselves missing
vital information, giving us less than useful research to work with. In short, we need a set
system and process for our research.

And in The Darkness
Bind Them…
So far we’ve (1) dug through mountains
of stone to collect the gold ore (2) we’ve
distilled the ore down to a collection of
useful metals (3) we’ve used complex
smelting methods to further separate our
gold from the other materials.
The final step (4) before we can start
crafting our ring is to further refine our
“gold anodes” into “gold bars”. This step
is similar to the process of researching
where we start to organize our useful
information into a more coherent
structure.
This step is often the step that’s taken in
writing a book, where you combine all the
useful elements you’ve collected into a
useful piece of work.
If our goal was to write a book, we’d be
close to done.
After all, a gold bar is worth a lot right?
Well, we’re not looking to write a book…
though often this research process can lend
itself to that.
We’re wanting to craft something specific out of
that gold.
A gold ring crafted by, say, Cartier is
worth much more than the raw gold
it was crafted from.

Likewise, what we create from our
“distilled research” can be worth
much more than the research itself.
The last step is that ring crafting process
itself. With rings specifically, the methods
vary widely, and the perceived value often
stems from the brand selling the ring. This
is where our metaphor can break down a
bit and we don’t want to get too down into
the metaphorical weeds.
From our distilled research we can create
blog posts, large “cornerstone content
pieces”, video sales letters, webinars, email
series, even full courses, and many more
valuable assets for ourselves and
customers.
Excited to learn how to research
effectively now?

Let me show you…

section four

copy & product development

an epilogue

How To Design & Build Quality Products Using The
Fundamentals of Copywriting as Your Guide

“My mind," he said, "rebels at stagnation. Give me
problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse
cryptogram or the most intricate analysis, and I am in
my own proper atmosphere. I can dispense then with
artificial stimulants. But I abhor the dull routine of
existence. I crave for mental exaltation. That is why I
have chosen my own particular profession, or rather
created it, for I am the only one in the world.”

- Sherlock Holmes -

296

Being an entrepreneur is about creating viable solutions to
definable problems in novel, yet practical ways.
In this last section, I want to explore a simple question. One that, on the surface,
may seem to be quite a stretch of logic, but my hope is to give you another powerful
tool for your entrepreneurial journey; one that’s helped me and many others forge a
new path forward.

identify a problem

The Question: Can the principles that create great copy be
applied to developing & creating great products? If so, how?
If you’ve made it this far in this guide you can probably guess my personal take on
this; while, no, effective copywriting principles can’t solve all business problems…
they sure can solve a lot more than people might think.

map out a solution

First, think about how someone (and perhaps even you) might go about designing a
product or service. Generally, the process goes something like this… “Gee, you know
what? I think people would love it if they could (insert action) faster/

Unless you jump into a time machine and are now

better.” - “I should make an app, widget, website, etc. that helps them

marketing in the 1940’s, you must have customer-

do just that!” Then, without much research or planning our new

focused marketing. The 1940’s approach was to have

entrepreneur sets to the task of creating the product with even

the factory build a product, and then the sales and

little focus on the marketability of the product beforehand. The

marketing teams were responsible for selling it.

idea’s so great it’ll sell itself! They reassure themselves.

Obviously that is not how it works today.
- McMahon & Associates Consulting -

The problem is, as Jeff Goldblum puts so eloquently in Jurassic
Park, they were so preoccupied with whether they could, they
never stopped to ask if they should.

They’re starting with the solution before giving any real indepth consideration to the real problem.
I’m not claiming that good ideas can’t be born organically and have huge market

develop your message

potential… I’m saying; and I’m sure you’d agree if you’ve ever tried to launch a new
product or service, that most profitable ideas aren’t born out of a flash of magic... but
are birthed out of a deliberate search for solutions to real problems.
A good rule of thumb I like to turn to is this: if no ones selling it yet either you have a
billion-dollar idea OR your idea might not be as good as you think.
So, what principles of copy might help with this? How can we start with “benefit of
the benefit”, or “raising the stakes”, or “defining the customer's journey” and the like

optimize your solution

to better map out our products deliverables? Truth is we can apply these
methodologies to a business problem that we understand well, and create the
marketing messaging before the product.

lest we forget…

great marketing applied to a crappy product
test your messaging

is just adding saffron to a turd.
297

By going through the process of mapping out, writing, and rewriting
the marketing messaging for a hypothetical product we can easily
identify where we might need to add more features (which adds
more benefits) and it will help us better define who the product
itself is for…

… giving us valuable insights to share, more
effective stories, and deeper empathy towards
the users our product is designed to serve.
Now; my personal experience is more in the realm of
“information products” (books, courses, workshops, consulting), so
this is where I will mostly sharpen the focus of this section.
However, the principles can complement physical products, SAAS
software, and even B2B solutions. Let’s face it, no matter what we’re
selling the messaging is always going to play a critical role; and
information is quickly becoming the oil of the 21st century.
I truly believe any entrepreneurial venture can greatly benefit from
weaving in an information product into their business model; beyond the
high-profit margins and relatively low front end investment to develop,
they also provide some more abstract benefits… namely enhanced
credibility, new entry points for your sales funnels, and most importantly (and
perhaps least tangible) confidence in your own abilities and understanding.
So, let’s take a closer look at the Reverse Product Development Strategy;
how to use the principles of copywriting and marketing to design & create
marvelous products.
Before we do, let me share with you what a sustainable $20,000 per month
info-product arm of a business looks like… and take a magnifying glass to
the ‘less tangible’ benefits mentioned a moment ago.

How do you get to the moon?
You don’t start by building a spaceship, you start by inspiring a nation.
Not because it is easy, but because it is hard. You appeal to the higher
values of humanity, not the practical. It’s accomplished with a pen, a
message, not with a rocket. Likewise, an entrepreneur's products must
inspire before they can deliver… it should, however, go without saying,
the rocket needs be able to lift off the ground.
298

We’re in a knowledge economy, here’s
how to tap into the demand…
Most entrepreneurs are familiar with the concept of “Information Products”, even if they haven't considered
creating one. It’s a wide-ranging product category that encompasses everything from a few dollar Kindle book to
a $50,000 masterminds.
In recent years it seems like everyone and their stepmother has dove head first into the space, sites like
Lynda.com (Sold for $1,500,000,000 to Linkedin) and MasterClass.com (recently raised $80 million in funding) —
not to mention the heavyweight Amazon (roughly $150m in just kindle sales per year) all are focused on selling
you one thing; information… how to, what to, and why to do - well, just about anything. It’s a mouthwatering
opportunity, and deceptively simple to implement - “capture knowledge”, “present knowledge”, "profit”.

If only it were that simple.
The corporate players out there aren’t the only ones making a shiny penny or two in this product category. Folks
like Tai Lopez, Sam Ovens, Grant Cardone, Alex Becker, Marie Forleo and many more are well into the 8 figure
per year mark selling chiefly “information”.
Yet, there is even a larger segment of individuals out there who make a handsome living in the 6 to 7 figure range
selling info products as well. “Mom and pop” information sellers who either sell hyped up nonsense, or wellcrafted boutique info-products designed to solve real-world problems.
In this write-up, I want to give you a glimpse behind the scenes of this unique segment of the information
industry and explore why the info-product “gold rush” isn’t over, and why, in fact, it's just getting started.
The “solo-info-product-prenuer” we might call them, probably not ~ but still, is a thriving industry, but it has
become more difficult to break into, but that's a good thing.
Some of you reading this may have dabbled in the info product world, maybe even got the point of selling one,
and experienced some success. Others reading may be in that 5,6,7 or even 8 figure earnings range. This white
paper is designed help anyone interested or active in the info space to sell more, or get started on the right path!

Beyond the inside scoop on this gold rush, I'm also going to share the strategy
I'm using with myself and clients to create profitable info-product
businesses while avoiding all the headaches that are associated with this
highly competitive industry.

299

There’s A Way To Do It Better. find it.
-Thomas Edison
three questions to be explored in this section…
1. What possibilities are still out there for
those looking to break into the crowded
info-product world?
2. Who should (and shouldn't) add an
info-product either into their current
business or as a full replacement for
their current business?
3. What does it take to launch a
successful info-product in 2019 and
beyond? More importantly, how the
average excitable entrepreneur goes
about it all wrong.
Lastly I want to give you a strategy that's
been running circles around all others in
the info-product space.

300

PART ONE: STRENGTH & STRATEGY

but first, bugs.
Specifically, what a dung beetles testicles can teach
you about building a successful online business...

genus: onthophagus taurus | family: scarabaeidae
301

PART ONE: STRENGTH & STRATEGY

If you want to "make it rain" in the info-product space your first step is to
make crystal clear the complex relationship between Strength & Strategy...
The strongest creature on our planet, it turns out, is not

bigger the horn the smaller the testicles. As the study

to be a mighty African Elephant or the like, it's the

colorfully summarizes, “Instead of growing super

dubious little dung beetle. With strength equal to 1,141

strength to fight for a female, they (Winston) grow lots

times its own body weight it out muscles every other

more sperm to increase their chances of fertilizing her

living thing (by size). However, its mega-strength left it

eggs and fathering the next generation.”

with a unique problem, one that holds a valuable lesson

The Result?

on how entrepreneurs must view their advantages &
disadvantages.
Even with the equivalent strength of a human being able
to lift SIX double-decker buses (80 tones), our horned
beetle friend often fails at its main goal - to pass on its
genetics.

You see, there are two types of
males in this beetle's species…
One, a big ole brute with horns they used to battle each
other for the ladies (we’ll call him Chad), and second is
weaker male with no horns who rely on a cunning
strategy to seduce the ladies (we’ll call him Winston).
One-on-one ‘Winston’ has no chance of defeating ‘Chad’
and getting the ladies. He doesn’t have near the straight
or tools (battle horn) to take on Chad.
The horned brutes, “Chads", with their mega strength
spend much of their time defending their females and
tunnels against other horned rivals. All the while,
unbeknownst to Chad, our hornless pal Winston spends

Winston’s strategy often results in little baby Winstons

his time digging covert side tunnels to Chad’s love

running around in Chad’s house, with Chad protecting

shack.

them and being none the wiser. Chad may have

So, while Chad is off fighting with other Chads our

questions for momma beetle in a few months when the

underdog Winston sneaks in to have liaisons with Chad’s

little beetles don't have a horn.

girl. To add insult to injury, Winston is kept quite well-

Chad would also have little Chad’s from time to time,

fed by eating the dung that Chad’s collected in his

and both strategies work well to keep the species

tunnels. Being well-fed results in Winston also having

advancing... but strength (even the strongest animal on the

"substantially larger testicles” [https://link.sean.co/testies] than

planet) wasn't the end all strategy for success.

Chad.
They're not just for show, they considerably increase

“Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do

Winston's chance of making babies with Chad's females.

you? Hmm? Hmm. And well you should not. For my ally

Thus passing on his genes, the end goal, instead of

is the Force, and a powerful ally it is.” - Yoda

Chads. — You know the old dung beetle saying, the
302

PART ONE: STRENGTH & STRATEGY

The Point? The Right Strategy Can Beat The Biggest Advantages.
If you're not a Chad, don’t try and beat Chad at his own game…
embrace your inner Winston and explore creative strategies to reach
your goals.
Having success with launching an information product may come
from a financial angle (having a lot of money to invest) a distribution
angle (having access to a large audience to tap into) or simply having
more time & experience.
Everyone, including you, has these attributes in their life and business
to a differing degree. Don’t have much money to invest? You’re going
to have to rely on time and experience… don’t have much time?
Ideally, you’ll be able to invest financially into leverage tools (e.g.
employees, software, etc).
Don't have much time or money?
Well, you're going to have to be creative with how you execute, coming
up with your own unique strategy to reach your goal. We all have at
least some resources we can work with to reach our goals, the trick is
to match the right strategy with the resources we have!

David didn’t try and kill Goliath with a
sledge hammer.

The Bottom Line…
Even with all the advantages in the world - without an effective strategy those advantages can be rendered mute. Looking at you Facebook Phone,
Amazon Phone, Blackberry, Google+, Google Glasses, Microsoft Zune, and
many more billion dollar companies with poor strategies.

“

Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence*. Talent will not; nothing is more common than
unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will
not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The
slogan ‘Press On’ has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.
- Calvin Coolidge
* Persistence is an effective (say it with me now) strategy.
303

This is fantastic news.
A big problem when it comes to launching info-products is mindset
related, most people think they need more time, money, or
experience before they can successfully create and launch a
product... what they need, however, is the right strategy to leverage
the time, money, and experience they DO have.
You may feel like you're at a disadvantage due to your
circumstances, and you very well might be right, but with the right
strategy in place to follow you can overcome them, even turning
some of them them into advantages.

PART TWO: KNOWLEDGE INSIGHT IS POWER
Q #1: What opportunities are there for those committed to breaking into the world of Info-products?

Strategy > Advantages.
The Opportunity & The Catch
There’s never been more demand for

The information-overload problem has created a unique opportunity

concise, highly-structured, and impactful

for savvy entrepreneurs who aren't afraid to do a bit of digging,

information.

organizing, testing, and teaching of that information.

You see, most people see the influx

That's the real end goal, isn't it?

information online as a good thing, in some
ways it is, however there’s one major
problem with most of this information...

It lacks structure.
Without it we are left swimming in a neverending sea of advice, with no real way to

Not just to learn, but to put the knowledge
into action in a positive, impactful way in
our lives and businesses; to turn
knowledge into insights.

prioritize or filter the information; no way
to measure its ability to solve our problem.
304

PART TWO: KNOWLEDGE INSIGHT IS POWER

Now's the best time to create a quality info-product.
The information-overload problem has created a

money. I challenge you to think in terms of MONTHLY

unique opportunity for savvy entrepreneurs who aren’t

income as opposed to a fixed goal amount.

afraid to do a bit of digging, organizing, testing, and
teaching of the information. I love how writer Kaye

How about 80 sales per week of a product? Doesn't that

Ramos put it: "In a complex world where almost

sound a bit more attainable vs. 10,000?

everyone has access to the same information, you’re
able to deliver new value by putting ideas together in

Well, 80 sales per week can translate to $20,000+ per

novel ways."

month with the right strategy.

Now's the best time to create a quality info-product.

There's plenty of time to make a
million, let's focus first on building

With one important caveat...
That catch? The bar for what qualifies as "quality" has
never been higher. Quality, more than anything else, is

the "vessel" to get you there.

at the heart of the strategy that drives long term sales
and profitability for your product.
You've seen infographics with titillating math similar to:
To make $1,000,000 all ya need is:
100,000 sales at $10 or...
10,000 sales at $100 or...
1,000 sales at $1000 or...
100 sales at $10,000
While the math isn't wrong, it makes success look
deceptively simple. Gaining 1000+ unique customers
right out the gate is more than challenging, it's
unrealistic, and designing a $10,000 program to sell
100 of also should be on the "very difficult" side of the
spectrum, taking years of experience and staff.
I mentioned earlier that you must hold onto and follow
your dreams, and there's nothing wrong with wanting
to make a million or more; but so many people look at
that number and get all excited about it without
understanding the reality behind it.
Truth be told, you can spend a million WAY too quick.
Especially if it's your first time having that kind of

305

The advantage that no one
can take from you.
Before we continue there's something I deeply
believe and would like to share. It's an exception
to the "strategy beats advantages" concept. It's the
strongest advantage we have and one we all can
tap into when things look the darkest, it's also one
that no one can take away from you. It's your
ability to dream, and dream big.
Ethan Hawke's quote from his book The Hottest
State summarizes my feelings well: "Don't you
find it odd," she continued, "that when you're a
kid, everyone, all the world, encourages you to
follow your dreams. But when you're older,
somehow they act offended if you even try.”
Later in this write up I'll touch on the idea of not
setting unrealistic goals, but dreams? Your
dreams should be the glue that holds your
strategies together, the place you venture in the
darkest hours, the place you celebrate your
biggest wins. Let them live large in your mind and
heart, but let's not forget that a dream without a
plan is only ever just a dream.

section summary

PART TWO: KNOWLEDGE INSIGHT IS POWER

Q #1: What opportunities are there for those committed to breaking into the world of Info-products?
A #1: In a world of nearly unlimited access to knowledge, ironically there’s little understanding. Now, more than
ever before , there’s demand for individuals who can distill this knowledge into useful, actionable content.

Coming up on our journey we’ll look at the math and tactics behind
a 20k/mo info-product strategy, but first let's take a look at who
should tap into the info-product industry. It's not for everyone...
306

PART THREE: THE WHO

A realists look at who should create
info-product in 2019 & beyond.

Question #2: Who should (and who shouldn't) consider building an info-product either into their
current business or as a full replacement for their income?

“If you don’t produce, you won’t thrive —
no matter how skilled or talented you are.”
― Cal Newport, Deep Work
Are you a producer or consumer?

I was only taking away from the world. As

We’re all a bit of both, but which are you

Winston Churchill summed up nicely: “We

more of? You may fall into the boat of many

make a living by what we get, we make a life

who spend hours and hours, month after

by what we give.”

month, digesting this self-help book after
that “get um crush it” podcast, but what

If you’re more of a consumer than a

have you truly created lately?

producer it very well may be the source of a
lot of the pain in your life. The remedy is to

Feeling a tinge of ‘hey stop that Sean!’?

start doing what humans do best, start

That’s understandable - it’s what I needed

creating.

to hear before I could pinpoint what was

Back to the question at hand…

holding me back from reaching my goals. In
fact, it’s what I needed to change in order to

REALISTICALLY, who should consider

stop feeling self-loathing, to stop feeling like

building an info-product business?
307

PART THREE: THE WHO

REALISTICALLY, who should consider
building an info-product business?
It would be unethical to suggest that EVERYONE should. I do believe
most have the ability, but not everyone is going to put in the effort, and
still others will permit life to get in the way.
If you’ve made it this far in this write up there’s a good chance that you
have at least one of the core characteristics that makes a great infoprenuer, you’re not afraid to digest a bit of content!
In fact, the length of this page is somewhat of a filter, you probably
wouldn’t be surprised that many of the people who want to make
millions in the entrepreneur space aren’t even willing to invest the
time needed to learn skills related to the goal; that includes reading - a
decent amount of reading.
There are a few more characteristics that, at a minimum, should be on
the radar of anyone interested in creating their own info-product.
This isn’t just something drawn together at random, but from years of
experience working with many different individuals who profess the
desire to create, but often don’t adapt when the going gets tough.

By examining the kind of individual who excels in the info-product space we can avoid the
missteps that are common in this industry, giving us the best chance of reaching our goals.

•
•
•
•
•

They’re not afraid to invest the time and energy needed to learn how to create, and to create.
They’re humble enough to admit they need help, and determined enough to find it.
They’re willing to listen to the needs of their audience instead of just assuming them.
They’re a fan of improving themselves and helping others improve.
They understand that fear is a product of a lack of understanding, and use knowledge to cast a light on doubt.

These are the core character elements of someone will thrive in this world.
Now, if you have the DESIRE to express those 5 qualities but feel a tinge of anxiety when you consider them, perhaps
even a bit of doubt that you ever could live up to them… you are not alone.
These are ideals, but no one fills them out perfectly. That, perhaps, is another quality to wrap them all into: be humble
enough to admit you’re not the best, but determined to do your best at improving them. That quality the best we can
hope for, and that’s all anyone who’s made millions ever had.
Here’s some exciting news that I think might just be the cure to crippling doubt and fear in this adventure… and my
answer to "what advice do you wish you could give your younger self".

The process of creating quality work often fixes the parts of
the brain that need fixing allowing you to create quality work.
308

Read that again, a few times.

PART THREE: THE WHO

the good and the bad news

to sum it up...

It takes a lot of focus and energy to create

If you're willing to do what needs to be done, to

something of high quality. And high quality is

invest the time, energy & resources to both

what separates a winning product from a flop.

create quality products and refine your abilities

Most of us have never had exceptional quality

to do so, there's no doubt that you will stand out

demanded of us, "passing" was often the bar we

and find success. That's hollow advice without

were expected to meet - not excellence.

defining "what needs to be done" isn't it? We'll
let's do that in our next section where we break

The bad news, it's not easy...

down it down step by step.

The good news, it's not easy...
The bar is high otherwise everyone would be
pulling in $100k+ per month selling information
products, wouldn't they? And if you can go into
the project knowing it's not going to be "easy"
then you'll be much more prepared than the
average entrepreneur.

2 f.a.questions
Q: Do I need to have in-depth expertise before
considering starting an info product business?
A: Will it help to already be an expert? Sure! Is that a
requirement? No. The way the following strategy
is designed and executed is not just to create a
product, but also to develop & grow your
experience in your chosen niche.
Q: What if I don't enjoy "studying" or
organizing information?
A: 99.999% of people fall into this category,
and the .001% who do love it don't love it all the
time. The trick is to realize that enjoyment is
DERIVED from DOING, not the other way around.
You don't love it first then do it.

309

PART FOUR: THE END GAME
Question #3: What does it take to launch a successful info-product in 2019 and beyond?
More importantly, why the average excitable entrepreneur goes about it all wrong.

What Strategies Not Only Work Now,
But Are Sustainable Long Term?
There are hundreds of different approaches
to creating and launching an info-product,
each with their own pros and cons. The
number of options makes it difficult to
know which strategy to follow. Let me share
with you one that’s worked over and over
again for myself and my clients.

This strategy is built from the ground up…
with the base goal being $20,000 per month in revenue.
The 20k per month figure seems to be a common (and realistic) goal for most exploring this
entrepreneurial space, and for me represents an amount that allows for reinvestment in your business
while also supplying adequate after-tax income to live on. Part of this strategy is to replace current
income needs, providing even more time to focus on enhancing the quality of the product.

1

To hit the $20,000 per month range consistently with this specific
strategy calls for two key products.
Info Product #1: A “Step by Step Tactical Guide”
that solves a specific problem, presented in a book
form or mini-course. — Price range: $24 to $49

2

Info Product #2: A “Time Framed
Strategic Guide” that solves both specific
problems, and presents a path to follow
to attain something ‘new’ for the buyer.
Presented in a step by step video course.

310

— Price range: $199 to $499

PART FOUR: THE END GAME
THE

value ascension strategy
Key Information…

- OBJECTIVE: Launch a sustainable information product that helps its buyers solve specific
problems effectively.

- GOAL: Reach $20k/mo in sales in 30 days.
- STRATEGY: (mapped out in this section)
- MEASURE: Hit 80 sales minimum of core product per month with a 20% take on up-sell product.

What It Takes to Hit $20k/mo… the math

Reality Check… this journey takes work
Let’s not downplay reality, it does take time, experience, and effort to
create these products and dial those numbers in, however, that "time,
experience, and effort" can be developed alongside the product
itself. Many of my clients are well into the upper six-figure and some
seven-figure per month with info-products using this exact strategy,
some who still only focus on their one core product line.
The beauty of info-products is that they are scalable by nature. As long
as you build out customer service as more customers onboard your
costs remain relatively low to other business models.

311

THE

PART FIVE: ASCENSION

value ascension strategy

You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for
others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
― Winnie-the-Pooh

defining the core action steps…
With over 500,000 new businesses started every month (in just the US) the demand for clear cut,
structured, up-to-date advice isn't going anywhere but up; here's how to tap into that demand…
The opportunity and who should pursue it

is clear. The objective, goals, and measures are

defined. Now we need to take a look at the core action steps needed to reach those goals.
There are three "big picture" milestones to accomplishing this strategy, each enabling the success
of the next. The relationship between these steps is key to both developing your product and also
building out a framework for constantly improving it.

PART FIVE: ASCENSION
312

your compass

PART FIVE: ASCENSION

Step #1: Picking A Direction
Why is it that we don’t worry about a compass until

we’re lost in a wilderness of our own making?”
― Craig D. Lounsbrough

A compass is used in navigation keep you heading in the right
direction, and without it even the best map in the world isn't going
to get you anywhere. One without the other is useless.
In the Value Ascension product development strategy your compass
is your un#inching commitment to quality. This commitment will
direct you through the many storms that come with creating
anything of value.
You can develop and re$ne your compass as you build out your
products, accepting nothing less than the best; while also avoiding
the trap of perfectionism.
It's the $rst step in the value ascension strategy because without it
you'll be easily blown o% course; distracted by the shiny objects, and
not reaching your goals.

313

PART FIVE: ASCENSION

your map

Step #2: Charting Our Course
“You do not write your life with words...

You write it with actions. What you think is not important.
It is only important what you do.”
― Patrick Ness

Getting from point A to point B without a map is almost impossible. A map is more
than just, well, a map; it gives you insights into the obstacles along the path,
shortcuts, and (most importantly) it gives you a way to see the 'big picture'; where
you are and where you want to be.
In the Value Ascension Strategy the map is a working list of assets to
create, standards to measure quality against, ways of doing things
quicker, and much more.
It is the TACTICAL approach to executing your strategy.
Your map may change as you learn better ways of doing things, and the beauty of
this map is it can be used over and over again; getting better and more re$ned a&er
each use. Using it along side our compass can navigate us to reaching our end goal.
The map both involves our business model, our product structure and assets, along
with our marketing plans. These all tie together to create that big picture.
Creating the map starts by ... mapping out ... a tactical framework of "what works",
this can be created through experimentation (slower) or starting with a strategy
that's working and adapting it to your needs (much faster). This section, for example,
holds many parts of a map that you can start with.
314

PART FIVE: ASCENSION

the vessel

Step #3: Creating Our Vessel
“We who cut mere stones must always
be envisioning cathedrals.”

- the quarry worker’s creed

Sticking with our nautical metaphor (analogy?) a&er we have our direction
established, map in hand, next we need to put together our vessel. It is our
transportation, protection, and home for the many critical parts of our business. The
vessel is in essence the sum of all the unique pieces that we create on our journey.
Our vessel is more than just our products themselves, or the marketing funnel, it
also includes less tangible things like...
- Credibility.
- Strategic Partners.
- Our "voice" / brand.
- Distribution.
- and (as usual) a lot more.
This collection of assets can be complex as a battle ship, or as simple as a rowboat;
but the goal isn't to create a perfect ship right out the gate... it's to give us a
foundation that we can build upon over time; and the means to begin our journey.

next: Putting It All Together

315

PART FIVE: ASCENSION

tactical training

Step #4: Putting it All Together…
You may have noticed that most of the content in

the scenes of what specific, steps you can take to

this section is 'strategic' (love that word); for

take to reach your end goals visit: https://

many of you reading this who have the technical

link.sean.co/va-tactical to watch a free video

and experienced this strategic content can serve

training I’ve put together walking you through

as the start of your map for building out a $20k/

my processes. As I hope I've made clear, the info

mo information product business… However,

product business isn’t ‘easy’, and it's not for

there's another type of content that will help the

everyone, but for those who do harness its power

less experienced, and even the experienced who

there’s virtually no limit to what you can

just want to know the exact steps...

accomplish.

It's called "tactical" information; that is, the

Now that you've got a framework for product,

specific tactics that you can follow to execute

let’s jump all the way back to the beginning of

strategy. These specific tactics are a bit beyond
the scope of this book but if this message

this section and explore the different areas that
copywriting can specifically help in the product

resonated with you and you want to see behind

conceptualization and design.

“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”
― George Bernard Shaw

316

7 Figure Marketing Copy

appendix
reference materials and other goodies & guides.
• Tried & True Copy Formulas
• Tools of The Trade
• Niche Copy Headlines
• Glossary of Terms

317

appendix 1

Tried & True Copy Formulas
Learn the tried & true marketing methods of the last 150 years.

318

TRIED & TRUE COPY FORMULAS
PREFERENCE

0

HEADLINE FORMULAS FOR USE ON
LEAD-GEN PAGES, FOR MARKETING
EBOOKS OR FOR BLOG POSTS 5

GENERAL COPYWRITING
FORMULAS
0

BRIAN CLARK’S 10 SURE-FIRE HEADLINES

AIDA 0
AIDCA / IDCA & MORE

6

0

JAY ABRAHAM INSPIRED HEADLINE
FORMULAS
6

DANNY INY’S 6+1 FORMULA 0
PAS – DAN KENNEDY

0

4 PS (2 VARIATIONS)

1

AAPPA (OR PAPA)

1

PAPA: 1
QUEST
SLAP 1
AIDPPC

1

5-POINT COPYWRITING FORMULA
AICPBSAWN

2

2

COPYWRITING FORMULAS FOR
LONG-FORM SALES PAGES
2
BOB SERLING’S POWER COPYWRITING
FORMULA
2

2

STAR STORY SOLUTION

3

THE SEVEN-STEP COPYWRITING FORMULA

3

VAD: VERB, APPLICATION,
DIFFERENTIATOR 8
FASCINATION FORMULAS (BULLET
LISTS) FOR COPYWRITING
8
BGNGO BULLETS

8

FAB

8

9

COPYWRITING FORMULAS TO
ENTICE ACTION 9
RAD 9
HOOK, LINE AND SINKER

9

THE BEFORE-AFTER-EXPERIENCE
TESTIMONIAL
9

12-STEP FOOLPROOF SALES LETTER
TEMPLATE
3

TEASE

9

THE 4 SS

9

PERRY BELCHER’S 21 PART SALES LETTER
FORMULA
3

WALLING’S 5-DAY DRIP COURSE FORMULA
FOR LEADS
9

HELLYEAH

3

WISHPOND’S 5 PART DRIP CAMPAIGN 9

P.A.S.T.O.R

3

PASOP

10

THE 6-EMAIL NEW CUSTOMER
NURTURING SEQUENCE
10

COPYWRITING FORMULAS FOR
VSL’S 4

11

11

THE 4-STEP FORMULA

11

FACEBOOK AD CTA FORMULAS

BLOG POST FORMULAS 11

THE NINE-POINT COPYWRITING FORMULA

3

LOUD. RELEVANT. ENGAGING.

7 DEADLY SINS OF COPYWRITING FORMULA

THE HEADLINE-AS-BULLET LIST

CRAIG CLEMENS SALES LETTER FORMULA:

11

FORMULAS FOR WRITING
FACEBOOK POSTS
11

FORMULAS FOR WRITING VALUE
PROPOSITIONS 8

11

FACEBOOK AD FORMULAS

HEADLINE FORMULAS WITH UNKNOWN
ORIGINS (LOTS!) 7

8

1

MECLABS ONLINE AD SEQUENCE

ERERS

HEADLINE FORMULAS BASED ON HEADLINES
BY LAURA BELGRAY
7

ACCA 1

HEADLINE = ATTRACT ATTENTION (BE
RELEVANT!)
11

11

MICHAEL HYATT’S 6-PART BLOG POST

11

HIPASI

12

SCAMPER

12

THE “A FOREST” CHECKLIST

12

MORE FORMULAS AND TEMPLATES

12

AICPBSA

12

GARY HALBERT’S NEWSLETTERS:

12

ABC CHECKLIST 12
“ELEMENTS OF AN OFFER” CLASSIC
FORMULA:
12
41 CLASSIC COPYWRITING HEADLINE
TEMPLATES
13
HEADLINE GENERATORS

13

EVEN MORE RESOURCES

13

RESOURCES: HEADLINE COPYWRITING
TEMPLATES
13
RESOURCE: SUBJECT LINE TEMPLATES

14

RESOURCES: EMAIL MARKETING COPY
TEMPLATES
14
RESOURCE: CALL TO ACTION
COPYWRITING TEMPLATES 14

THE REPORT FORMULA

10

THE DATA FORMULA

10

RESOURCE: PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
COPYWRITING TEMPLATES (ECOM) 14

THE HOW-TO FORMULA

10

COPYWRITING FOR SOCIAL MEDIA

HEADLINE WRITING FORMULAS 4

THE EMPTY SUITCASE

10

COLD EMAIL TEMPLATES

15

JUSTIN BLACKMAN 10K HEADLINE’S
BREAKDOWN
5

THE ANNOUNCEMENT

10

SALES EMAIL TEMPLATES

16

JASON BREWER’S SURE FIRE WEBSITE
COPY TEMPLATES
5

COPYWRITING FOR ADS

THE JIM EDWARDS VSL METHOD

4

COMMON VIDEO SALES LETTER TEMPLATE

4

THE SCARCITY + URGENCY FORMULA 10

10

THE WORDSTREAM AD COPY FORMULA

10

OTHER COPYWRITING FORMULAS AND
SWIPE FILES
16

15

Preference
This section is a compilation of many well known
copywriting frameworks. I’ve done my best to give credit to
both the originator of the formula as well as the individual
who may have originally compiled the content. If you find
that your method, template, or formula was referenced
without proper credit please email reference@sean.co and
we’ll be sure to update!
Important: To find the sources for a given section visit
http://sean.co/copyref ~ at the end of each section is a
“Source Name” which you can use to identify the reference.
OR you will find the direct source listed

●

Action

Conviction from credible results turns doubt into trust.
Testimonials // Endorsements // Statistics, Research //
Demo // Guarantees – Inspire convention.
IDCA, the stage is yours now that you have their attention.
If you captured their attention and interest with an ad, your
landing page will perform better if it deals with desire and
conviction, the action goes without saying.
Here’s more variants on the formula to consider:
Basic AIDA Model: Awareness→ Interest→ Desire→ Action
Lavidge et al's Hierarchy of Effects: Awareness→
Knowledge→ Liking→ Preference→ Conviction→ Purchase
McGuire's model: Presentation → Attention →
Comprehension → Yielding → Retention → Behavior.

General Copywriting Formulas

Modified AIDA Model: Awareness→ Interest→ Conviction
→Desire→ Action (purchase or consumption)

There are many, many, MANY, different approaches to
copywriting templates. Here are some of the most common
used for general things like web pages, landing pages, really
any type of page that’s designed to help influence the reader
to take action.

AIDAS Model: Attention → Interest → Desire → Action →
Satisfaction
AISDALS Love model: Awareness→ Interest→ Search
→Desire→ Action → Like/dislike → Share → Love/ Hate.
These formulas are all very useful when you’re not sure
where to go next in your writing.

AIDA
This model has proven to be useful for over a century,
advertisers understood in the 1800's how to infiltrate the
human mind.
Attention (Awareness) – What message would best pull our
reader in and get them to consider our piece?
Interest (Inspire) – Challenge the norms of the topic,
explore counter-intuitive perspectives.
Desire – Entice! Build the allure of your topic or product by
appealing to the emotions of the reader; what’s the big win
for them?
Action – Don’t forget to ask them to do something.

Known in psychology as CAB: Cognition -> Affect ->
Behavior, this is the secret sauce to jive with the tribe of
your choice.
Source Name: IDCA

Danny Iny’s 6+1 Formula
Danny Iny of Firepole Marketing offers a spin on the AIDA
model as highlighted on Smashing Magazine.
1.
2.
3.

An enticing headline or interesting webinar are good
examples of where these techniques can be accomplished.

4.

Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AIDA_(marketing)

5.

AIDCA / IDCA & More
There are many variants on AIDA, two of note are…
AIDCA – Adds ‘Conviction’ the formula
●
●
●
●

Attention
Interest
Desire
Conviction

6.

Consider the context
Grab attention
Move the reader swiftly to desire a solution to their
problem
Present the consequence of failing to act, which Iny
calls “the gap”
Present the solution, telling only as much as is
necessary to get to the next step
Call the prospect to act

(Summary: Joanna Wiebe)
Source Name: danny

PAS – Dan Kennedy
PAS was dubbed by Dan Kennedy as the most reliable sales
formula ever invented.

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - General Copywriting Formulas - Page 1
1.
2.
3.

Problem – Present the problem your prospect feels
Agitation – Poke at that problem until it’s visceral
Solution – Present your solution to the agitated
problem

●
●
●

Advantages of solving the problem
Proof that you can solve it
Action

Source Name: AAPPA

Another variation on PAS from Sean Mitchell:
●
●
●
●

Problem
Agitation
Discredit – Discredit other solutions
Solution

Source Name: PAS

4 Ps (2 variations)
Henry Hoke Sr 4 P’s
Picture – Create a vivid scene

QUEST
When broken down by letter, QUEST is an acronym that will
save everybody time and lessen miscommunication.
●
●
●
●
●

Qualify the prospect
Understand where they’re at (show them this
understanding)
Educate them on a better way
Stimulate them so they want that better way
Transition them from where they are to your
customer

Promise – State how your solution will end that painful
scene or bring that aspirational scene to life for them

Source Name: QUEST

Prove – Support your promise!

SLAP

Push – Nudge the prospect to take action

SLAP is a handy layout for shorter pages or if you have
something relatively inexpensive to sell.

●
●
●
●

Problem
Promise
Proof
Proposal

Source Name: 4P

ACCA
This formula will be quite useful for anyone, or any group,
to rouse the hearts of a disconnected crowd.
●
●
●
●

Raise awareness
Increase comprehension of the problem (teaching)
Inspire conviction to do something about the
problem
Rally to action
(Summary: Joanna Wiebe)

Source Name: ACCA

AAPPA (or PAPA)
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

Grab the prospect’s attention.
Show them the advantage(s) of using your solution.
Prove what you’ve just said.
Persuade.
Move them to action.
(Summary: Joanna Wiebe)

PAPA:
●

Problem

●
●
●
●

Stop the prospect
Make them look (i.e., read)
Make them act
Get the purchase

Let’s put aside the fact that, if you’re going for the sale, that
is the action, so “act” and “purchase” don’t need to be
separate.
Source Name: SLAP

AIDPPC
The legendary Robert Collier provides a useful sales
sequence ideal for sales letters or, really, anywhere you are
trying to sell.
●
●
●
●
●
●

Attention
Interest
Description
Persuasion
Proof
Close

The first two parts of this copywriting formula are exactly
like AIDA’s first two points. But desire is unpacked
(helpfully!) into three core elements:
1.

2.

Descriptions, likely of the solution but also of the
problem, the status quo, the challenges of not
switching – anything that fleshes out the story
Persuasive elements, like loss aversion,
testimonials, future pacing

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Copywriting formulas for long-form sales pages - Page 2
3.

Proof (e.g., demos, testimonials, endorsements) that
the solution can do what it claims to, and can do it
like no other

So if you’ve struggled with the “desire” part of AIDA, try
AIDPPC instead.
Source Name: AIDPPC

5-Point Copywriting Formula
Jack Lacey gets the credit for this simple formula that is
ideal for lead-gen and landing pages. This could also be
used to guide a one page site.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

What will you do for me if I listen to your story?
How are you going to do this?
Who is responsible for the promises you make?
Who have you done this for?
What will it cost me?

Source Name: 5PCF

AICPBSAWN
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.

Attention – Biggest benefit, biggest problem you can
solve, USP
Interest – Reason why they should be interested in
what you have to say
Credibility – Reason why they should believe you
Proof – Prove what you are claiming is true
Benefits – List them all
Scarcity – Create scarcity
Action – Tell them precisely what to do
Warn – What will happen if they don’t take action
Now – Motivate them to take action now

Source Name: AICPBSAWN

Copywriting formulas for longform sales pages
Bob Serling’s Power Copywriting Formula
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.

Quality product
Customer profile
Credibility
Offer
Conduct exhaustive research.
Rest to let your ideas percolate.
Create a comprehensive list of features, facts and
figures.
List every benefit.
Create an irresistible offer.

10. Create a great guarantee (i.e., don’t be ho-hum
about this critical risk-reducer!).
11. Write an attention-grabbing headline.
12. Draw attention to key points using color.
13. Limit the number of graphics.
14. Hook the reader with a no-holds-barred opener
that starts delivering on the headline.
15. Eliminate early objections.
16. Create enticing crossheads throughout the piece.
17. Make your prospect feel their pain deeply.
18. Eliminate their pain.
19. Establish your credibility.
20. Lock in that credibility with “an insider benefit.”
21. Provide unquestionable proof that your solution
delivers.
22. Break your copy into readable chunks.
23. List the benefits of using your product.
24. Summarize the key benefits.
25. List the features of your product.
26. Go above-and-beyond with the package you’re
offering.
27. State the price.
28. Call to action.
29. Add a piggy-back offer to boost average order
value.
30. Minimize risk.
31. Close by summarizing the major benefits.
32. Add a PS.
33. Make it easy to buy.
34. Eliminate all distracting links.
35. Let the copy rest.
36. Revise for maximum impact.
Source:
http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:nNaNNTnagSEJ:
www.medical-webdesign.com.au/LiteratureRetrieve.aspx%3FID%3D29719+&cd=1&hl=en&ct=
clnk&gl=us

Craig Clemens Sales Letter Formula:
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

Headline.
Subhead.
Questions that show you understand and push
buttons.
Powerful analogy or story.
It’s not your fault and there’s hope.
Give away content.
Proof.
What is it I’m offering? What’s in it?
Bullets points/benefits
Who needs it? Who doesn’t?
What makes it different?
Wrap up.
Price.
A guarantee.

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Copywriting formulas for long-form sales pages - Page 3
●
●
●
●

A close.
A signature.
Your P.S.
Your testimonials

Source: https://mikedillard.com/episodes/how-to-write-a-salesmessage-that-moves-millions-with-craig-clemens/

Star Story Solution
1.
2.
3.

Introduce the star of the story
Tell the star’s story
Present the solution that helped the star achieve
big things

Source: https://www.revenueriver.co/thecuttingedge/copywritingformulas-to-create-better-copy

The Seven-Step Copywriting Formula
Step 1: Start with your key benefit.
Step 2: Explore & build that benefit.
Step 3 Explain what your readers actually get; specifically.
In-depth.
Step 4: Provide proof to support step 3. (Testimonials/case
studies/logic)
Step 5: Detail the risks of not taking action.
Step 6: Summation of benefits.

5. Show the benefits
6. Give social proof
7. Make your offer
8. Inject scarcity
9. Give a guarantee
10. Call to action
11. Give a warning
12. Close with a reminder
Source: http://www.marketingprofs.com/2/frey2.asp

Perry Belcher’s 21 Part Sales Letter
Formula
1.

Call out to your audience (e.g., actually say whom
it’s best for)
2. Get their attention, likely with a big promise
headline
3. Backup the big promise headline with a quick
explanation
4. Identify the core or most painful problem they’re
experiencing
5. Provide the solution to said problem
6. Show pain of and cost of development of solution
7. Explain ease-of-use
8. Show speed to achieve results
9. Future pace (i.e., help the prospect visualize their
vastly improved future)
10. Show your credentials

Step 7: Add CTA.

Find the last 11 steps on Perry’s website below…

Source: https://blog.hubspot.com/marketing/bob-stones-gemcopywriting-formula

Source: http://perrybelcher.com/21-step-salesletter/

The Nine-Point Copywriting Formula
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.

Grab attention with a headline.
Follow with a lede that inspires.
Clearly define the product.
Give a success story or case study for the product.
Add testimonials and endorsements.
List special features or value-adds.
State your value proposition.
Move the prospect to action with specifics and
urgency.
Finish with a postscript.

Source: https://copyranger.com/21-incrediblecopywriting-formulas-i-use/

12-Step Foolproof Sales Letter Template
1.
2.
3.
4.

Get attention
Identify the problem
Provide the solution
Present your credentials

HELLYEAH
Holler and get their attention
Empathize with their pains (usually by sharing yours)
Lambast the things that led to the problem in the first place
Legwork – prove you’re not full of it
Yes, you have the solution for them
Educate them on why your solution is best
Action – give them a clear action to take
Handle lingering doubts or objections
Source: https://copyranger.com/21-incrediblecopywriting-formulas-i-use/

P.A.S.T.O.R
1.
2.

Person, problem, pain.
Amplify the consequences of not solving the
problem and eliminating the pain.

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Copywriting Formulas For VSL’s - Page 4
3.
4.
5.
6.

Story, solution, system.
Testimonials.
Offer. (He adds to spend 80% of your offer talking
about transformation. Good tip.)
Response.

Source: https://rayedwards.com/031/

Copywriting Formulas For VSL’s
The Jim Edwards VSL Method
Open with a shocking statement.
State the problem and why it’s a big deal.
Agitate the problem.
Push the agitation even further, taking it to a deep
emotional level.
5. Introduce the solution.
6. Highlight your credibility so people know why they
should listen to you.
7. Prove that what you’re saying is true.
8. List out the biggest things they’ll get, including
features and benefits.
9. Specific reasons not to procrastinate but rather to
act now.
10. Close by asking for the purchase and reinforcing
benefits.
1.
2.
3.
4.

Source: https://thejimedwardsmethod.com/the-great-video-sales-letterscript-formula/

Common Video Sales Letter Template
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.

The “Attention Grabbing Greeting”
Identify the problem and promise to solve it
Establish scarcity
Agitate the problem
Provide your solution as THE solution
Present the features and benefits of the solution
Your first call to action, this one based in satisfying
a desire
8. List off your credentials, including proof, results,
examples, testimonials
9. Explain your guarantee
10. Your second call to action, this one appealing to
their logic
11. Warn of FOMO with the looming deadline and
scarcity
12. Your final call to action, this one based on FOMO
Source: https://copyranger.com/21-incrediblecopywriting-formulas-i-use/

Headline Writing Formulas

{Product Name} is a {product category} that {different thing
it does best}
They All {Did Unpleasant Thing} When {Unexpected Thing},
But When {Ideal Result of Using Unexpected Thing}!
Who Else Wants {Most Desirable Outcome or Benefit}?
The Only {SEO Keyword Phrase} Made Exclusively to {Most
Desirable Outcome or Benefit}
The only {product category} that doesn’t {objection or
anxiety}.
Now You Can {Do Something Desirable} {Counter to
Expectations}
Now You Can {Do Something Desirable} {Great
Circumstance}
We Promise You This: {Highly Desirable Result} Or
{Consequence}
Here’s the {Best Adjective} Way to {Solve a Problem}
{Eliminate pain in an unexpected way}
{Do desirable thing in an unexpected way}.
{Notable person} shows you how to {do notable thing like
they do}
{Service name} is a {service category} that {amazing outcome
for end users or decision-makers} without {objection or
anxiety}
You’re tired of {objection or anxiety}. But you {desired
outcome}. So it’s time you met {Product name}.
{Do something} like {world-class example}
Are You Still Wasting Money on {blank} (Without Anything
to Show for It?)
Have a / Build a {Desirable Thing} You Can Be Proud Of
Get the {Unusual Adjective} Power of {Product Category}
Without {Pain}
Get Rid of {Problem} Once and For All
{Do Something Hard} in {Period of Time}
9 Out of 10 {Group Members} Can’t/Don’t ____________.
Are You One of Them?

Make Your First {$} in Just {Time}
How to Permanently Stop {Painful or Embarrassing Thing},
Even if You’ve Tried Everything!
{Known Competitor} {Does This Undesirable or
Unimpressive Thing}. {Your Brand Name} {Does This Highly
Desirable or Impressive Thing}.
Can your {current solution} pass the _______ Test?

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Headline formulas for use on lead-gen pages, for marketing ebooks
or for blog posts - Page 5
You are {comparative} than you think
Let {your product} work on your {noun} for just {time
period}
Overcome the {Unexpected Culprit} That Keeps You
{Unpleasant Thing}

Jason Brewer’s Sure Fire Website Copy
Templates
Copy Template: Inspire First
Inspire and connect

Is it worth {low price} to you to {get outstanding result}?

Cut to the chase

{One meaningful word.}

Who should care

{Objection.} But/And it works.
Source(s): https://copyhackers.com/2012/09/headlineformulas-and-the-science-of-high-convertingcopywriting/

Copy Template: Big shift in the world

https://www.crazyegg.com/blog/proven-headlineformulas/

Winner and losers

https://www.copyblogger.com/10-sure-fire-headlineformulas-that-work/

Be the solution

https://unbounce.com/landing-pages/5-headline-formulas/

Justin Blackman 10k Headline’s
Breakdown
Basic headlines starter kit:
For ___ who want to ___
Get ___ without the ___
Helping ____ do ____
The only ____ that doesn’t ____
Underused Emotions in Copywriting
●
●
●
●
●
●

Fear
Frustration
Powerlessness
Anger
Betrayal
Revenge

Define Your Audience
●
●
●
●
●

Who would I be?
What would I want?
How would I feel?
Which pains hurt most?
What’s missing in my life?

Source: https://prettyflycopy.com/the-headline-project/

Big shift in the world

Tease the promised land

Source: https://brolik.com/blog/conquer-website-copywriting-using-3templates/

Headline formulas for use on
lead-gen pages, for marketing
ebooks or for blog posts
1.

The Ultimate Guide to {Good, Bad or Desirable
Thing}
2. What Everybody Ought to Know About {Good, Bad
or Desirable Thing}
3. X Lessons I Learned from {Person or Unusual
Experience}
4. To the {role} who will settle for nothing less than
{world-class outcome}
5. Break all the rules and {world-class outcome}
6. How Your {Service Provider} Is Ripping You Off.
And What to Do About It Right Now.
7. I Found a {Adjective} Way to {Get Incredible
Outcome}
8. See why we have an {adverb} {adjective} {social
problem} in just {short time}.
9. {Influencer or celebrity} {emotional reaction} {to
thing that basically the whole world already
understood}
10. Is this the world’s first {Good, Bad or Desirable
Thing}?
11. How to Survive Your First {Good, Bad or Desirable
Thing}
12. How I found out that {unexpected thing} is the best
medicine
13. Let me show you the secrets of {powerful group}

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Headline formulas for use on lead-gen pages, for marketing ebooks
or for blog posts - Page 6
14. What {Group or Celebrity} Can Teach You About
{Unexpected Thing}
15. People Regularly Pay Me {$} for This Information.
But You Can Have It FREE.
16. {David-type addresses Goliath-type.} {Result.}
17. How to Make {$} With Your ________________,
Step-by-Step
18. The complete library of {large #} free and low-cost
{desirable resources}
19. Behind the Scenes of a _____________
20. {Person does X.} {Another person’s reaction.} Result:
priceless.
21. Is {Trending Topic} a Scam? Find Out If You’re
Putting Your {Resource} at Risk
22. Here Is a Method/System That’s Helping {Blank} to
{Blank}
23. Little Known Ways to {Blank}
24. The secret ways the {people from a foreign country}
{get desirable result}
25. X Little Known Factors That Could Affect Your
{Thing in Which Reader Has a Vested Interest}
26. Why haven’t {people like your readers} been told
these facts?
27. The Secret of {Desirable Thing}
28. {#} of {group} are right/wrong/confused about {X}
29. Is it immoral to {get desirable outcome}?
30. Recently Downsized/Fired {Profession} Reveals the
Dirty Little Secrets to {Outcome}
31. Do you have the courage to {do something very
desirable}?
32. This {bad thing} just happened. {Outcome or media}
is {adjective}.
33. How to {get incredible result} and {do unexpected
thing as a result}.
34. {Bully does X.} {Bullied reacts with Y.}
35. I Stopped {Doing Common Thing} Today. You
Should Too. Here’s Why.
36. Who doesn’t like {somewhat accepted taboo}?
{Unexpected answer with tease about why.}
37. I spent {time} {working toward goal}. I just {quitting
statement}. Here’s why.
38. I don’t regret {X}. But here’s what I’d do differently.
39. Would you {do unimaginable thing}? I just did.

5. Get Rid of [problem] Once and For All
6. Here’s a Quick Way to [solve a problem]
7. Now You Can Have [something desirable] [great
circumstance]
8. [Do something] like [world-class example]
9. Have a [or] Build a [blank] You Can Be Proud Of
10. What Everybody Ought to Know About [blank]
Source: https://www.copyblogger.com/10-sure-fire-headline-formulasthat-work/

Jay Abraham Inspired Headline Formulas
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

Source: https://www.crazyegg.com/blog/proven-headline-formulas/

Brian Clark’s 10 Sure-Fire Headlines
1. Who Else Wants [blank]?
2. The Secret of [blank]
3. Here is a Method That is Helping [blank] to [blank]

✓
✓
✓

What's Your Best Chance to _____?
What [pros] wants you to know before you [thing you
need to do]
Most [industry professionals] do ______ but we're not
most [industry professionals].
I'd like to give this to [industry professionals] ... before
they [do something common]
How to [thing customer wants to do] without [thing
customer doesn't want to do]
If You've Already [done common thing], don't read this.
It'll break your heart
Who else wants a _____ without the _____
Don't _____ until you read this guide!
What your [someone you trust] doesn't tell you when
you [thing you need to do]
What would become of your ____ if [positive or
negative thing] happened?
What [pros] say about [your profession]
We Sell the Same [product] as (Company A), but
[at/with/without/for] [key differentiator].
Three Powerful Reasons Why ____
New [product/service] [does something better] than
[what you're currently doing OR aspirational goal]
Do you make these mistakes in _____?
[Negative outcomes] can be foreseen in Advance-And
Prevented.
What not to_____ on a _____
To the _____ Who Wants to _____ Someday
How to know when a _____ is about to [good or bad
thing]
Who else wants a [better result]?
An Easy Way to _____
Which [industry professional] used [Product A] and
which has the [Product B]

Source:
https://app.box.com/s/ar7wolonn6x8xd61c639czenlj70lowe

4. Little Known Ways to [blank]
Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Headline formulas for use on lead-gen pages, for marketing ebooks
or for blog posts - Page 7

Headline formulas based on headlines by
Laura Belgray
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

How To _____, Even if You’re Not _____
You're not still [doing common thing] with [common
product] are you?
Why _____ is the best way to _____
Where [thing consumer wants to happen] happens
The [product/service] for [thing consumer wants to
happen]
For _____ who are tired of/don't want to _____
Helping _____ do _____
When _____ happens, you'll be ready to _____

Source: https://talkingshrimp.com/

Headline formulas with unknown origins
(LOTS!)
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

[Question/Problem] Here's How to Fix It
Why [Action/Thing] Is/May Be [Opinion/Assertion]
Warning: [Blank]
How to [Do Something] Like a Boss
How to [Do Something] in 5 Minutes
How to [Blank] and [Blank]
How to [Blank] Without [Objectionable Action]
How to [Blank]
How to Be [Desirable Quality]
[Audience]! Are You [Undesirable/Desirable
Outcome]?
[Action] NOW!
These/Find Out Which [Thing] Could/Will [Desired
Outcome]
How We [Desired Result] in [Timeframe]
[Promise of What Your Business/Content Will Do]
[Keyword]: [Supporting Keywords]
Are You More Like [X] or [X]?
Reminder: [Claim or Truth]
Why [Problem] (And What to Do About It)
[Claim That Goes Against What Most People Think
is True]
[4 Words or Fewer Summarizing Topic]
What You Should Know About [Topic]
[A Claim as if You Know the Future]
[Controversial Claim or Story]
No/Yes, You [Pre-Empt Objection] to [Achieve
Desired Result]
[An Odd or Funny Claim]
Give Me [short time period] and I’ll Give You
[desired result]
Who Else Wants [desired result]?
Why [Thing] [Outcome]

✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

How to [Desired Outcome] Without [Unpleasant
Action]
[Provocative Question]
[Social Proof] [Desired Outcome]
Take X minutes to get started with [blank]... you'll
be happy you did!
How to [Achieve Desired Outcome] Like [Celebrity]
Now You Can Have [something desirable] Without
[something challenging]
See How Easily You Can [desirable result]
[A Quote From/Summary of a Testimonial]
How You Can [desired result] Almost Instantly
The Quickest & Easiest Way To [desired result]
Never Suffer From [undesired result] Again
How To [desired result] When You’re Not [blank]
No [undesired result] Just [desired result] Everyday
How To Get [desired result] Out Of [blank]
If You Can [blank] You Can [desired result]
Warning! Are You [Something Undesirable]?
How [A Seemingly Inconsequential Action] Can
[Undesirable Result]
How to fast-track your [desirable result]
[A Call to Arms]
How To Take The Headache Out Of [blank]
How To Become [desired result] When You
[something challenging]
[Outrageous/Controversial Claim]
Answered: Your Most Burning Questions About
[blank]
X Questions Answered About [blank]
How To Turn Your [blank] Into [desired result]
How to [Achieve a Desired Outcome]
(The) [Group/Famous Person] Guide to [Blank]
The Ultimate Guide to [Blank]
10 Things [Group] Do Differently
7 Things We/You Should [Blank]
7 Things Only [Group] Understand
7 Things to Remember About/When/If [Blank]
15 Things You Didn't Know about [Person/Thing]
7 [Blank] That Will Change Your Life
7 Quotes from/by [Famous Person] That Will
[Desired Result]
7 [Adjective] Facts [Person/Audience] Should Know
13 Ways to [Do Something] When [Situation]
7 Ways to [Do Something]
Can You [Find/Spot/Answer/etc.]
[Number] [Expert] Share [What]
[Number] Little-Known Ways to [Desired Outcome]
[Number] Steps to [Achieve Desired Outcome]
[Number] Hacks to [Achieve Desired Outcome
[Number or How to] Simple/Easy Ways to [Desired
Outcome]
Quiz: [Which/What/How] [Quiz Topic]?

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Formulas for writing value propositions - Page 8
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

A [Power Word] Tutorial to [Achieve Desired
Outcome]
We Analyzed [Number] [Measurable] And This Is
What We Learned
[Person] Did [Unusual Action] [Timeframe]. Here’s
What Happened
[Number] Lessons I Learned When/From
[Experience]
[Number] Secrets to [Achieve Desired Outcome]
[Number] Mistakes Most People Make When/With
[Common Action]
[Number] Proven [Actions/Ways] to [Achieve
Desired Result]
[Large Number] of Ways to [Achieve an Outcome]
How [impressive number] Got [desired result]
Without [undesired result]
How To Make People Line Up And Beg To [blank]
The Lazy [blank’s] Way to [desired result]
The Ultimate Guide to [Achieve a Desired Outcome]

7 Deadly Sins of Copywriting Formula
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

Lust (get what you desire / be what they desire)
Slothfulness (this will help you be lazy / do less
work)
Envy (rise about your particular Joneses)
Pride (be amazing)
Wrath (be angry)
Gluttony (get everything!)
Greed (the ultimate me-focused bullet – it can all be
yours!)

Sin #1: Lust - Appeal to: Desire
Sin #2: Gluttony - Appeal to: Self-interest
Sin #3: Greed - Appeal to: Possessiveness
Sin #4: Sloth - Appeal to: Laziness
Sin #5: Wrath - Appeal to: Anger and annoyance
Sin #6: Envy - Appeal to: Jealousy
Sin #7: Pride - Appeal to: Confidence

VAD: Verb, Application, Differentiator
We do X, but the difference is {primary differentiator}.
The {adjective} way for _____ to _____, {benefit/outcome}.
{Proven industry example} for/of {new domain}.
“We help X do Y doing Z”.
We’re the ones that {primary differentiator}.
{Superlative} {category} {qualifiers}
Source: http://torgronsund.com/2011/11/29/7-proven-templates-forcreating-value-propositions-that-work/

Fascination formulas (bullet lists)
for copywriting
BGNGo Bullets
●
●
●
●

Source: https://copywritinginaction.com.au/from-bulletpoint-to-fascination/

The Headline-as-Bullet List
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

Get Full Detailed Write up for each step:
https://unbounce.com/landing-page-copywriting/getemotional-in-your-marketing-copy/

●
●

Formulas for writing value
propositions

●

For {target} who {statement of the need or opportunity},
{Name} is {product category} that {statement of benefit}.

●

Source: https://link.sean.co/valprop

Best
Good
Necessary
Good, with Outcome

●

●

Discover the {high-value} secrets of {powerful
group}
What {group} taught me about {unexpected thing}
How your X is ripping you off – and exactly what to
do about it (page #)
The #1 lesson I learned from {unusual experience}
How to learn {technical thing} before {technical
expert}
How to survive your first __________ (page #)
How a {role} showed me {unexpected insight}
Why you need to break all the rules to get {worldclass outcome}
Possibly the world’s first __________
Why some {role} are given favored status in
{seemingly neutral place} – this little-known
information could {incredible impact for reader}
The unexpected X that may just be the best
medicine for Y
# steps to make $ with your __________ (page #,
with a bonus on page #)
A {adjective} method that’s helping __________ to
__________
The secret ways {people from a foreign country}
{get desirable result}

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Copywriting Formulas to Entice Action - Page 9
Source: https://learnleadgeneration.com/lead-generation-

FAB
Feature – State or intro the feature

ideas/

Advantages – Describe its advantages

TEASE

Benefits – Describe its benefits

Is it tactful?

Source: https://buffer.com/resources/copywriting-formulas

Copywriting Formulas to Entice
Action
The I Want Button
I want to ____________
I want you to ___________
Get a new car
or
Show me the newest cars
“Get _________”

Does it emphasize a particular strength of the solution or
product?
What authentic part of the experience have you shared?
Is it short and sweet?
Does it engage the reader?
Source: https://www.endorsewise.com/page/help/how-writetestimonials-testimonials-example/

The 4 Ss
●
●
●
●

Specific
Short
Sizzling
Signed

Source: https://www.awai.com/2006/07/write-a-damn-good-testimonial/

RAD
●
●
●

Require
Acquire
Desire

Source: https://copyhackers.com/2012/06/radically-rethink-

your-ctas/

Hook, Line and Sinker

Walling’s 5-Day Drip Course Formula for
Leads
Day 0 Send on sign-up. Cover 3 points: welcome them,
touch on what the drip course will cover, CTA (e.g., reply to
email with answer to Q asked in email).
Day 1 24 hours after D0. Educate and finish with an action.
Day 2 24 hours after D1. Theory shared via story. CTA in PS.

Command verb + offer + urgency

Day 3 24 hours after D3. Batch of actionable tips.

Elements-of-the-Offer Formula

Day 4 24 hours after D4. Case study with real numbers. CTA
to use your solution.

1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.

Establish the Value
Offer a (Conditional) Bonus
Price
Trivialize Price
Guarantee
Risk Reversal
Scarcity

Source: https://medium.com/@jay_70791/hook-line-and-sinker-how-tofish-for-more-copywriting-clients-493e9f1d844d

The Before-After-Experience Testimonial
Start with Before. What hesitations did they feel prepurchase?
Then explain After. What did the client discover after going
for it?
Then speak to the Experience. What did they feel?

Source: https://growtheverywhere.com/marketing/rob-walling-drip/

Wishpond’s 5 Part Drip Campaign
Email 1
A warm hello.
Email 2
A transparent case study or finding.
Email 3
Personal business story that shows your transparency and
humanity.
Email 4
Case study.
Email 5
Free trial offer or soft sell.

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Copywriting Formulas to Entice Action - Page 10
Source: https://blog.wishpond.com/post/110249650561/5-drip-emailtemplates-that-work

PASOP
Email 1: PASOP
Problem. Agitation. Solution. Outcome (measurable or
storied). New problem.
Email 2: PASOP
Repeat the problem you ended E1 on. Agitation. Solution.
Outcome. New problem.

The How-To Formula
{Attention-grabber}: how to {avoid or get attentiongrabbing thing}
How {world-class example or average joe} {does amazing
thing}
Source: https://copyhackers.com/2015/10/copywritingformula

The Empty Suitcase

Email 3: PAS
Repeat the problem you ended E2 on. Agitation. Your
solution as the solution, with a link to the sales page to
learn more about the solution and the outcomes it brings.

{Name}, this is for you

Source: https://expresswriters.com/pasop-formula/

I {past-tense verb} this. The world changed.

The 6-Email New Customer Nurturing
Sequence
Email 1 Welcome and intro to support person, with contact
info provided.
Email 2 Free offer.
Email 3 Case study highlighting use of your product or
service.

This is how you {do desirable or undesirable thing}
I learned this from watching __________

What {industry} needs to {verb}

The Announcement
Introducing {Name}
Introducing {Name}: {short value prop}
New! {Name}
New! {Benefit of new thing without mention of name}

Email 4 Actual examples of ROI for your solution.

Now open: {registration}

Email 5 Customer testimonial video(s).

Source: https://www.campaignmonitor.com/blog/emailmarketing/2019/04/subject-line-formulas/

Email 6 FAQs.
Source: https://bombbomb.com/blog/drip-email-nurture-prospectcustomer

The Scarcity + Urgency Formula
Only {#} {days/hours/weeks} left to {X}

The Report Formula

Just {#} {X} left

New {agency/institute} approved {process/device} + {benefit}

Last chance to {action}

Innovative {system/process/product} + {benefit}

Get {valuable thing} if you {action} in the next {#}
{days/hours/weeks}

Introducing {technique/system/process} + {benefit or
mystery}
Source: http://emailsalesmachine.com/author/orangej568/

The Data Formula
{Percentage} + {unexpected thing}
{Known entity} is rated as {rating} for {rated thing}
{Trendy thing} {percentage change}
Source: https://copyhackers.com/2015/10/copywritingformula/#The_Data_Formula

Source: https://neurofied.com/scarcity-urgency-improves-sales/

Copywriting for Ads
The Wordstream Ad Copy Formula
Unforgettable and Affordable ________.
Your Search for ____ Ends Here.
Big Range, Great Price and Service.
Get ___ For Only $__.
Start Searching Now!

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Facebook Ad Formulas - Page 11
Get Your Free Quote Online!
Order Our Expert Guide Today!
Quick and Affordable Call Us Today!

Headline = Attract Attention (Be Relevant!)
Description Line 1 = Generate Interest (Be Useful!)
Description Line 2 = Ask for the Click (Show the Value!)

MECLABS Online Ad Sequence
MECLABS has created a copyrighted heuristic for your ads:
ea = 2at + i + as ©
Where ea = Effectiveness of the Ad, at = Attract Attention, i
= Generate Interest and as = Ask for the Click.
Source: https://marketingexperiments.com/digitaladvertising/improve-conversion-online-ads

Facebook Ad Formulas
Loud. Relevant. Engaging.
●
●
●

Be Loud.
Be Relevant.
Be Engaging.

Source: http://www.lorirtaylor.com/a-simple-formula-for-facebookads-that-deliver-real-returns/

ERERS
●
●
●
●
●

Emotional
Rational
Emotional
Rational
Social proof

Source: https://adespresso.com/blog/9-tips-perfectfacebook-ad-design/

Facebook Ad CTA Formulas
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

See why {influencer} said {intriguing thing}
See why Stephen King said we’re the future of
writing
Free {high-value freebie}
Free “Grammar Nerd” ebook
Want / Need {highly desirable thing}? {Actionable
solution}
Need a new girlfriend? Get the Hot Tamale
Handbook
Enter to win {highly desirable or interesting thing}
Enter to win your very own battle axe
Sick of {thing readers are definitely sick of}?
Sick of being compared to other moms?
Stop {unpleasant or unexpected thing}
Stop eyeing up the neighbor

Source: https://blog.wishpond.com/post/75805327199/7facebook-ad-call-to-action-cta-copy-formulas

Formulas for Writing Facebook
Posts
One little-known way to {do something}: {summary of how}
Remember when {something nostalgia-triggering}?
Fill in the blank: “{partial line of dialogue}
______________”
Fill in the blank: “The only way to double your conversion
rate is to ______________”
{#} reasons I’m stopping {good or bad activity}
If / When {scenario}, I __________
Source(s): https://buffer.com/library/anatomy-of-aperfect-facebook-post
http://www.appssolut.com/blog/118/facebook-postformula-that-will-bring-you-more-clicks
https://blog.wishpond.com/post/52314932186/8-sure-firefacebook-post-formulas-that-drive

The 4-Step Formula

Blog Post Formulas

Be Objective

Perfect Blog Post Formula: https://sean.co/ml-blogposts

Highlight Benefits

If you like that, you should also check out these blog post
templates from HubSpot: https://offers.hubspot.com/blogpost-templates

Be Persuasive
Follow the Rules
Source: https://www.semrush.com/blog/a-4-step-formula-for-writingfantastic-facebook-ads/

Michael Hyatt’s 6-Part Blog Post
▪

Headline.

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - More Formulas and Templates - Page 12
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪

Lead paragraph / hook.
Relevant image.
Personal story.
Scannable body.
Open-ended question.

Source: https://sean.co/mh-key

HIPASI
This is PAS for blog posts:
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪

Headline
Image
Problem
Agitation
Solution
Invitation

Source: https://samueljwoods.com/conversioncopywriting-sourcebook/

SCAMPER
Substitute a ho-hum phrase with something surprising or
new.
Combine successful elements from 2+ other sources.
Adapt a winning headline, button, offer or other from a
different product category.
Modify, minify or magnify one element.
Put it to use with unexpected people.
Eliminate or exclude an element that you think has seen
better days.
Rearrange, reverse or redefine any part of the copy, the
funnel, etc.
Source: https://link.sean.co/scamper

The “A FOREST” checklist
Verify you’ve hit all the important points in your sales
materials.
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓
✓

Alliteration
Facts
Opinions
Repetition
Examples
Statistics
Three (as in the rule of)

Source: https://sean.co/buffer-forest

More Formulas and Templates

AICPBSA
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●
●

A – Attention – Biggest benefit, biggest problem you
can solve, USP
I – Interest – Reason why they should be interested
in what you have to say
C – Credibility – Reason why they should believe
you
P – Prove – Prove what you are claiming is true
B – Benefits – List them all (use bullets)
S – Scarcity – Create scarcity
A – Action – Tell them precisely what to do
W – Warn – What will happen if they don’t take
action
N – Now – Motivate them to take action now

Gary Halbert’s newsletters:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.

Say something that gets attention.
Tell them why they should be interested. (Expand
on CSI)
Tell them why they should believe what you are
saying is true.
Prove it is true.
Itemize and describe all benefits.
Tell them how to order.
Tell them to order now.

Source: https://link.sean.co/ghn-1

ABC Checklist
1. Attain Attention,
2. Bang out Benefits,
3. Create verbal pictures,
4. Describe success incidents,
5. Endorse with testimonials,
6. Feature special details,
7. Gild with values,
8. Honor claims with guarantees,
9. Inject action in reader,
10. Jell with postscript.
Source: http://www.directcreative.com/blog/copywritingformulas

“Elements of an Offer” Classic Formula:
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.

Here’s What You’re Gonna Get
Establish the Value
Offer a (Conditional) Bonus
Price
Trivialize Price
Guarantee
Risk Reversal

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Headline Generators - Page 13
8.

Scarcity

Source: https://sean.co/offer-elements

41 Classic Copywriting Headline
Templates
Source: https://sean.co/harrisonamy-1
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪
▪

▪
▪
▪
▪
▪

The secret of getting [results]
A little mistake that cost a [target market] [cost] a
year
Advice to… [target market] who want [results]
Do you suffer from [problem] at [occasion]?
Who ever heard of [target market] having [results]
without [objection]
How I improved… [problem] without [objection] in
just [time]
Discover the [benefits] you get with [results]
Proven: The most effective way to get [results]
How a [something perceived as bad] resulted in
[results] and [benefits]
Do you suffer from [problem]?
Do you have these symptoms of [problem]
Guaranteed to [results] without [objection]
How a new [product] solved my [problem] in just
[time]
Which type of [target market] are you? Is it stopping
you get [results]?
Does your [problem] ever embarrass you?
To people who want [results] but don’t know where
to start
How much is [problem] really costing you?
The right way to solve [problem]
[thousands / hundreds / etc]of [target market] now
have [results] will you join them?
For the [target market individual, not plural] who
has less [results] than he / she wants
Suppose this happened to your [business / life /
relationship etc]. Would you survive?
Are other [target market] secretly overtaking you?
[X] proven ways to get [results] and [benefits]
Are you ready to have [results] in just [time]?
Get your hands on this system that took one [target
market] from [starting results] to [end results] in
just [time]
How I got [results] by making this unusual mistake.
Why some [target market] always have / get [results]
You can laugh about [problem] if you follow this
simple plan
Five common [problems] faced by [target market]
which one do you want to solve?
What [industry experts] do when faced with
[problem]

▪
▪

[industry] experts prove that you can have [results]
and with this new [product]
Read the rest of the formulas in the source below…

Source: http://harrisonamy.com/41-classic-copywriting-headlinetemplates/

Headline Generators
1.

2.
3.

4.

5.
6.
7.

Free headline generator:
http://www.internetmarketingcourse.com/freehead
linegenerator/
Free online title generator: http://titlegenerator.com/
Link bait title generator:
http://www.contentrow.com/tools/link-bait-titlegenerator
Market Positioning Statement Generator:
http://info.ecornell.com/market-positioningstatement-generator
Content Idea Generator:
http://www.portent.com/tools/title-maker
Blog topic idea generator:
http://www.hubspot.com/blog-topic-generator
Sales letter generator:
http://www.internetmarketingcourse.com/freesales
generator/

Sources...
For a more detailed organized list of resources and sources
used please visit: https://sean.co/all-sources

Even More Resources
RESOURCES: Headline Copywriting
Templates
List compiled by OptinMoster Visit: https://sean.co/hct-a
For More Details On Their Lead Capture Systems
Copywriting Headlines That Sell – Neville Medhora’s
Kopywriting Kourse.
Link: https://sean.co/hct-1
9 Proven Headline Formulas That Sell Like Crazy CopyBlogger
Link: https://sean.co/hct-2
10 Sure-Fire Headline Formulas That Work – Copyblogger
is a known authority on writing headlines.
Link: https://sean.co/hct-3

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Even More Resources - Page 14
5 Headline Templates to Make More Sales Today – Ray
Edwards
Link: https://sean.co/hct-4
102 Headline Formulas – Chris Garrett
Link: https://sean.co/hct-5
Steve Fabian’s copywriting swipe file – 51 copywriting
formulas.
Link: https://sean.co/hct-6
58+ Headline Formulas – Blog Marketing Academy
Link: https://sean.co/hct-7
Smart Blogger’s 52 Headline Hacks –
Link: https://sean.co/hct-8
7 Proven Headline Formulas That Convert (And why they
work) – Russ Henneberry
Link: https://sean.co/hct-9
7 More Sure-Fire Headline Templates That Work –
Copyblogger
Link: https://sean.co/hct-10
Writing Home Page Headlines For The Modern World (3
Formulas That Work) – Peep Lajand
Link: https://sean.co/hct-11
A Collection of the Most Powerful Million Dollar
Headlines – Jason Hart
Link: https://sean.co/hct-12
Peter Sandeen’s 101 Headline Formulas Link:
https://sean.co/hct-13
14. 41 Classic Copywriting Headline Templates - Link:
https://sean.co/hct-14

RESOURCE: Subject Line Templates
164 Best Email Subject Lines to Boost Your Email Open
Rates – Link: https://sean.co/esl-15
DigitalMarketer’s 101 Best Email Subject Lines of 2016
Link: https://sean.co/esl-16
29 Sales Email Subject Lines That Get Prospects to Open,
Read, and Respond – Link: https://sean.co/esl-17
Copy-And-Paste Email Subject Lines For Churches – Link:
https://sean.co/esl-18
GrowthLab’s Email Copywriting Guide – Link:
https://sean.co/esl-19

RESOURCES: Email Marketing Copy
Templates
4 Bombproof Formulas for Openings That Grab Readers
& Don’t Let Go – Smart Blogger - If you don’t hook your
reader within the first eight seconds, they’ll click a link and

disappear, perhaps forever.
Link: https://sean.co/emct-20
Digital Marketer’s Best Email Body Copy – the subject line,
body copy (word for word) and my analysis of the strengths
of Digital Marketer’s top 22 emails over the last 12 months.
Link: https://sean.co/emct-21
What to Write in Your Emails – 45+ email content
templates and the complete course to writing great emails
from Aweber
Link: https://sean.co/emct-22
3 Tested Email Marketing Templates You Can Use Right
Now – Just fill in the blanks in the following three “plug ‘n
play” email templates with your own information
Link: https://sean.co/emct-23
Michele Pariza Wacek’s Copywriting Email Templates
They’re designed to get straight to the point, using copy
that promotes action. Fill in your information, personalize
the copy, and click “send” – Link: https://sean.co/emct-24
Super Office’s Email Swipe File – Spay and pray marketing
doesn’t work. And this is exactly why more companies are
investing in account-based marketing. Link:
https://sean.co/emct-26

RESOURCE: Call to Action Copywriting
Templates
14 Real-Life Examples of CTA Copy YOU Should Copy –
Hubspot explains exactly why these examples work and
which features you should emulate. Link:
https://sean.co/cta-27
21 Call to Action Examples – Kathryn Aragon of Crazy Egg
tells us what works, and what doesn’t, with calls to action.
She provides some rules for writing them, along with call to
action examples. Link: https://sean.co/cta-28
Hubspot’s Calls to Action Templates – There are dozens of
templates here, covering everything from email marketing
to eCommerce. Click on the ones that interest you, then opt
in to get them. Link: https://sean.co/cta-29
How To Write A Call To Action In A Template With 6
Examples – CoSchedule highlights the science of writing
effective calls to action, and gives examples you can copy in
your marketing. Link: https://sean.co/cta-30

RESOURCE: Product Description
Copywriting Templates (eCom)
18 Ingredients of High Converting Product Pages - If you
want to have high converting product pages, start with
these ingredients
Link: https://sean.co/pdc-a

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Even More Resources - Page 15
How To Write Product Descriptions To Grow Sales – This
resource by BigCommerce includes a simple copywriting
formula for effective product descriptions, and gives
examples of how to build on that to make your descriptions
work even better.
Link: https://sean.co/pdc-31
A Copywriter’s Template for Excellent Product Page
Descriptions – Econsultancy’s copywriting template for
product descriptions is a little different, functioning more
like a recipe or step-by-step guide.
Link: https://sean.co/pdc-32
Product Descriptions that Sell: Template & Sample –
Made Urban provides fill in the blank product description
examples, and walks you through the process of creating
one.
Link: https://sean.co/pdc-33
Marketing Labs Product Description Templates - You’ll
have to opt in to get this free product description template.
This copywriting template includes guidance on SEO and
how to focus your description.
Link: https://sean.co/pdc-34

RESOURCES: Copywriting for Social Media
30+ Ultimate Headline Formulas for Tweets, Posts,
Articles, and Emails - A headline can serve either as an
apple pie on the windowsill of your content or as its
bouncer. It’s all in the way you phrase things.
Link: https://sean.co/sm-35
The Best Social Media Copywriting Guide to Be a Social
Word Ninja – In order to cut through the static, you need to
wield your words wisely. That means writing posts that
stand out from the clutter and speak directly to what your
audience wants.
Link: https://sean.co/sm-36
71 Ways to Write a Social Media Update - There are a litany
of ways to compose, style, and organize a social media
update,even in just the words we use in our updates.
Link: https://sean.co/sm-37

Welcome Email Templates
How to Write the Perfect Welcome Email for New
Subscribers - Your welcome email for new subscribers is
the first impression they’ll get after joining your email list
through a lead magnet or sign up form.
Link: https://sean.co/wet-38
Email Template for Welcoming New Subscribers -The
welcome email has a very high open rate, sometimes up to
90%.
Link: https://sean.co/wet-39

How to Write An Effective Welcome Email – Email is the
backbone of customer retention, and a highly effective
channel for connecting with your customers even after
they’ve left your website.
Link: https://sean.co/wet-40
The Perfect Welcome Email Template – Welcome Emails
are 4 times more likely to be opened and nearly 7 times
more likely to get a click than other promotional mailings.
Link: https://sean.co/wet-41
6 Welcome Email Templates that Do More than Welcome
- Welcome emails are a lot like first dates (minus the
awkward in-person meeting). They’re both the first real
personal interaction you have with someone you’ve heard
or read about for a while.
Link: https://sean.co/wet-42
Optimize Your Welcome Emails With These 5 Templates Welcomes arise in many situations. People meet businesses
in many different ways — which calls for more than one
type of email greeting. Link: https://sean.co/wet-43

RESOURCES: Cold Email Templates
The Best Cold Email Template To Crush Replies – A cold
email template makes everything less awkward. Because we
all know that “just saw someone in the grocery store”
feeling.
Link: https://sean.co/cet-44
5 Cold Email Templates That Turn Your Contacts Warm
As Toast – Cold emailing can be a tricky game to play,
especially when you’re using the wrong format to close that
big sales deal.
Link: https://sean.co/cet-45
5 Cold Email Templates – There are 3.8 billion email users
in the world. Pretty much any person that you want to get
in touch with, you can do so via cold email. Link:
https://sean.co/cet-46
5 Steps to Write a Cold Email That Converts New Clients there’s both an art and science to learning how to write a
cold email template that predictably converts new freelance
clients.
Link: https://sean.co/cet-47
Cold Email Template Issues - Predictable Revenue was a
book written 6 years ago, about stuff they were actually
doing 10 years ago. It doesn’t work anymore. Are you still
using these stale tactics?
Link: https://sean.co/cet-48
“Magic” Email Template - John Corcoran has a 72-word
magic email template, available after you opt in.
Link: https://sean.co/cet-49

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

7FigureMarketingGuide.com - Copy Reference Guide - Even More Resources - Page 16
4 B2B Sales Principles Applied To Cold Email Templates There are simple principles that you can apply to everyday
life (and sales alike) to make more meaningful connections.
That’s being Respectful, Cheerful, Transparent and Helpful.
Link: https://sean.co/cet-50
26 Cold Email Examples Broken Down To Help You Write
Your Own – Dmitry Dragilev shares the impressive results
he’s achieved with cold emails.
Link: https://sean.co/cet-51
5 Cold Email Templates Sumo.com Used to Grow to $5
Million – If you have any mutual connections or have been
introduced to this prospect by a mutual connect, this
subject line almost guarantees an open.
Link: https://sean.co/cet-52

RESOURCES: Sales Email Templates
28 Sales Prospecting Email Templates Guaranteed to Start
a Relationship – The majority of sales development reps
(SDR) and inside sales people seem to believe that spam is
the most efficient prospecting method available to them.
Link: https://sean.co/set-53
The Ultimate Guide to Sales Email – Yesware’s sales email
templates are collected inside an ebook. You’ll need to opt
in to download the tips on subject lines and body copy,
based on data from more than half a million emails. Link:
https://sean.co/set-54
12 CRM-Ready Sales Email Templates – The world has
evolved around us. Gone are the days of sighing “spam,
spam, spam” as we sift through our daily mail … and arrived
are the days where we hit “delete, delete, delete” as we
rummage through our inboxes.
Link: https://sean.co/set-55
4 Sales Email Templates That Drive Conversions – A good
sales email must strike the right tone, convey the essential
information and take into account which phase of the sale
the prospect is at.
Link: https://sean.co/set-56
9 Sales Email Templates to Inspire Urgency in Your
Prospects – Most salespeople face the same persistent
challenge: Their prospects lack urgency. There are a
number of strategies -- both successful and unsuccessful -reps use to overcome this inertia.
Link: https://sean.co/set-57
12 Free Sales Email Templates Proven to Increase
Response Rates – New forms of reaching out to potential
customers, such as social networks or content marketing,
have sprung up lately. Link: https://sean.co/set-58
10 Sales Email Templates With 60% or Higher Open Rates
– The following 10 templates have 60% or higher open rates,

8% or higher click rates, and 30% or higher response rates.
Link: https://sean.co/set-59
Five Sales Email Templates to Get You Started - Even if
you have your own unique style for capturing attention,
there are some key points to keep in mind if you want your
email to have the best chance of success.
Link: https://sean.co/set-60.
101 Sales Email Templates You Can Use to Close More
Deals - Your biggest success will come when you study
these examples, make them relevant to your business and
turn them into your own.
Link: https://sean.co/set-61

RESOURCES: Other Copywriting Formulas
and Swipe Files
Swiped.co Swipe File Archive - The place for copywriters
& marketing minds to dissect & discuss great marketing
examples.
Link: https://sean.co/ocf-62
Ray Edwards’ Copywriting Cheatsheets - 6 copywriting
infographics and other guides on offer when you opt in.
Link: https://sean.co/ocf-63
The Ultimate Guide to No-Pain Copywriting –
Copyhackers has a huge copywriting guide that includes
copywriting formulas and templates.
Link: https://sean.co/ocf-64
The Copywriting Checklist – I built my business without
venture capital or partners, and I was able to do it because
of copywriting. This is the skill that I’d like to share with
you now.
Link: https://sean.co/ocf-65
ACCA Fundraising Copywriting Formula - I’m sorry to
betray my fellow copywriters like this, but let’s be fair guys,
this is our worst-kept secret…
Link: https://sean.co/ocf-66
Irresistible Invitation Emails for Webinars and Events - It
seemed like a great idea, plan an event, promote it, have
lots of people turn up, deliver some great content and kick
start many new beautiful relationships.
Link: https://sean.co/ocf-67
Conquer Website Copywriting Using These 3 Templates –
It doesn’t happen often, but most people can think of a
website they have visited that made them feel a sense of
inspiration and intrigue while scrolling down the page.
Link: https://sean.co/ocf-68
SwipeFile.io – Personal copywriting swipe file, including
examples for headlines, print ads, about pages, pricing
pages, direct mail, and more.
Link: https://sean.co/ocf-69

Unless Noted - To find the sources for a section visit http://sean.co/copyref

words that influence…
RESISTANCE WORDS - Words to use when looking to overcome internal objections.

Instantaneously // Immediately // Find Yourself // Suddenly //
Picture // Suppose // Realize // Mysterious // Imagine // Remember //
Wonder Allow // Curious // Pretend // Understand // Awaken //
Convince // Yourself // Ponder // Enchant
INFLUENTIAL WORDS - Words to use when looking to project status.

Discover // Excel // Money // Easy // Guaranteed // Wealth // Proven //
Results // Safe // Save // Improved // Own // Unique // No Risk //
Love // Best // New // Value // Fast // Famous
POWER WORDS - Words that generate a punch.

free // professional // tested // limited // valuable // unlimited //
under priced // launching // better // spotlight // largest // unlock //
introducing // wanted // interesting // highest // the truth about //
affordable // attractive // competitive // innovative // sure fire //
crammed // astonishing // urgent // excellent // surging // bargain //
pioneering // genuine // complete // quality // lavishly //
breakthrough // unconditional // security // revolutionary // magic //
weird // confidential // unusual // instructive // edge // fascinating //
bottom line // tremendous// monumental // last minute // simple //
Insider
SUBCONSCIOUS PHRASES - Phrases that get in your readers mind

Just Pretend // The More You // Every time You // What It’s Like
When // Suppose // Remember // What Would It be Like If // Find
Yourself // Realize // Sooner or Later
324

