How To Write Words That REALLY Make You Rich
Kyle Milligan

Introduction
The Big Message Behind This Book:
Here’s the single most important theme and idea for this guide:
Copywriting is a language.
Consider copywriting a “professional language,” like accounting.
Accounting is considered “the language of business.”
And copywriting has been referred to as “salesmanship in print…”
So it makes sense to consider copywriting the “language of sales.”
More specifically, it is the language of emotion.
Because emotions are what make people buy things.
For me, it has been effective to learn copywriting the way you’d learn a new language, say Spanish.
(For the purposes of this book, assume you absolutely cannot read or speak any Spanish. It will make all
my examples a lot easier)
If you’ve never tried to learn a new language, here’s how the education process usually goes…
The instructors will start with some basics…
Then they will add some stuff on top, while they continue to repeat and reinforce past lessons and
basics over and over.
It is the brute force repetition that makes the language stick.
But nobody teaches copywriting as a language to practice.
Instead they teach it like putting together a piece of furniture.
“Do this. Then do that. Fill in this template.”
We will not do that inside this guide.
We will establish a few core principles, then expand on them over and over and over.
In fact, you may find parts of this guide repetitive.
That is by design.
Once the emotions of the copywriting language are DRILLED into your memory through continuous
practice and repetition...

Then you really just need to consume as much of the language as possible.
Soon you’ll start to recognize patterns…
And then what started as reciting your “ABC’s” and numbers “one through ten” will evolve into simple
objects, then simple sentences…
Until you are ordering your own food at a restaurant and telling jokes in “Spanish.”
This guide will help you develop skills in a similar way for copywriting.
At first you will need to think about what you are doing…
But not for long.
In no time it will all be second nature.

Most Gurus Only Get You Halfway There
Imagine if instead of teaching you Spanish, I just gave you some of the most common phrases Spanish
people say and told you to “fill in the blanks” for whatever you need.
That’s what a lot of “copywriting training” has become.
Email templates, headline templates… Garbage.
And sometimes gurus accidentally teach copywriting concepts without realizing that they are really
speaking in jargon that comes loaded with assumptions that were never explained!
That’s because from the outside, it looks like gurus are speaking in simple English when they teach…
That’s the deception of copywriting’s “simple” appearance.
For example, they say you should write “conversationally” when you write your copy.
But your “conversationally” doesn’t come automatically imbued with salesmanship…
That is, your “conversationally” doesn’t automatically create intrigue…
Or automatically present a new and novel idea…
Or automatically communicate a sense of safety, ease, or urgency or scarcity!
You see, the language of copywriting is found in the subtext, not the text.
Copywriting is an emotional language where the words on the page do not matter as much as you’d
think!
Because the emotional part of the brain is triggered by the unwritten subtext.
The subtext is inferred, not spoken.
Put another way, “it’s not what you say, it’s what you communicate.”

If your words are conversational, but don’t communicate important, specific subtext, then you are
speaking English… NOT copywriting.
If this sounds complicated, don’t worry…
This guide is designed specifically to clear all of that up for you.
And it will also offer you all the tools you need to master the language of copywriting.
What’s important is if you have been buying tons of books and courses only to find that your
copywriting skills haven’t improved…
It’s not your fault.
Nobody teaches this subject as what it is...
A unique language of its own that requires continuous practice.

Why Templates And Regular Copywriting Books Fail You
So back to our Spanish example.
Say you’re ordering food at a restaurant. The server is speaking only in Spanish.
You need help.
Let’s say I’m there too, and I tell you exactly what to say to the server.
You repeat what I taught you perfectly!
Should you be happy?
You’re probably not satisfied.
Because when you really think about it…
You only have the ability to say those couple words in that specific context, to that specific person, at
that specific moment in time.
And even though you recognized a few of the sounds from Spanish books you’ve read, you still don’t
really understand what you or the server said in the first place…
And here’s the real kicker…
You have no concept or system to help you understand HOW I decided to say what I said, instead of
saying something completely different...
Sure, the words made sense after you heard them…
But how can you come up with them?
That’s the problem with reading regular copywriting books and following templates.

You KNOW that you are supposed to grab attention.
You KNOW that you are supposed to build intrigue.
You KNOW that you need to create urgency…
BUT WHAT DO YOU SAY?!?!?!?!?!
How the hell do you make this influence trigger… TRIGGER?!
So if you’ve read a bunch of copywriting books and still lack total and complete confidence in your
copywriting, now you know why.
It’s not your fault.
This book is going change that for you, once and for all.

Becoming A Great Copywriter - The Daily Practice
To become a great copywriter, and to immerse yourself in the language of copywriting, there are three
things you must do.
I am “borrowing” this checklist from Joe Schriefer, the publisher at Agora Financial and all around
awesome dude.
The Daily Practice:
1. Read a piece of copy a day
2. Write a page of copy a day
3. Come up with an idea a day

Read a Piece of Copy a Day
When you read a piece of copy, you should practice “active reading.”
Passive reading is what the majority of people do when they read.
The passive reader just absorbs the material and questions nothing within.
Your task as an active reader is to tease out subtext and try to infer the writer’s purpose behind what
was written.
This entire guide is dedicated to teaching you professional level active reading skills.

Write a Page of Copy A Day
Writing a page of copy a day isn’t as daunting as it sounds.
Simply write a page of copy.

It doesn’t have to be for a big project, though it can be.
It could be a series of five short emails that you sum up into one page.
And you don’t have to use this page of copy you wrote.
If you want, you can throw your page away after you write it.
You could also just hand-copy a page of copy from a successful copywriter.
Sometimes I do that, then active read and mark up what I wrote.
Don’t get too hung up on this stuff.
The benefit is in the daily practice and engagement with the language of copywriting.

Come Up With An Idea A Day
When coming up with an idea a day, you should not be hunting for a “big idea.”
For instance, your one idea could be a simple way to improve a sales process…
A cool subject line for an email…
It could be anything, really.
Just try to stay in the habit of asking “what if…” as often as possible.
I know you’ll easily check this item off every day…
Everything in this guide will open your eyes and mind to a brand-new way of perceiving everything you
read…
Particularly text within advertising and marketing materials.
So you will have plenty of ideas. Of this I’m sure.

What You Should Expect From This Guide…
The purpose of this guide is to give you the tools you need to immerse yourself in the language of
copywriting and expedite your progress towards mastery over the language.
In this guide we will move through the common components of a full, long-form direct response sales
letter.
We will cover the subtext that must be communicated by the copywriter, with examples of how some of
the best copywriters in the world do it.
The lessons will build on each other, so easy to grasp patterns will emerge quickly for you.
Before we cover the different sections of copy, I need to explain how to active read…

Without knowing what to look for and how to perform active reading, the rest of this guide is worthless.

Active Reading- What To Look For When
Reading A Piece of Copy
Copywriting is a language
Copywriting is a language communicated purely through subtext.
Therefore, when you are reading copy you are not looking for clever turns of phrase or “mind control
lines.”
The words aren’t important.
It’s not what you say, it’s what you communicate.
When reading a piece of copy, you are looking for what the copywriter is actually trying to
communicate.

How I Discovered the Language
You’ll be happy to know that everything I’m going to show you in this guide already helped me generate
well over $7.1 million in sales in a single year as a copywriter at Agora Financial.
And don’t think for a minute that I had a clue what I was doing when I got hired.
I probably knew less about copywriting than you know now.
I was as green as they come.
But I was eager to learn copywriting fast so I could make a million bucks, so I asked this question on my
first day:
“What books should I read? I’ve read The Boron Letters by Gary Halbert and The Ultimate Sales Letter by
Dan Kennedy… What else?”
The reply:
“You don’t have to read any of that stuff… Don’t read about copy. Just read copy.”
That was a disappointing answer for me at the time…
But it has turned out to be the most fundamental truth about learning copywriting fast…
And the most important step to becoming a great copywriter.
Lesson:
If you want to learn how to speak Spanish, don’t read a ton of books about Spanish…

Simply read Spanish.
And if you want to learn how to speak copywriting, don’t read a ton of books about copywriting…
Just read copywriting.
The fastest way to normalize the language of copywriting, and internalize it in your brain, is to read it
every single day.

“Actively” Read a Piece of Copy a Day
It’s not good enough to simply read a piece of copy every day.
You must practice active reading.
That is, you read with purpose.
You’ll read with pen in hand, discovering and marking patterns that will make writing your own copy
much, much easier...
And you’ll look for new and novel lines the writer used that will inspire new, original ideas for when
you’re writing your own copy.
This guide is going to give you the tools to perform active reading like a champ.

It’s All About The Patterns…
Since I work in direct response and typically write long-form sales letters, that’s where our focus will be.
But don’t worry…
Even if you don’t write long-form sales letters, you can rest assured that the emotions you will learn in
just a moment will make you great at any style or length of copywriting.
Because this guide is not designed to tell you WHAT to write.
Instead you’ll learn how to speak the language itself…
This guide will shine a light on the secret patterns of the copywriting language, and soon they will be
second nature to you.
I can’t stress enough:
Recognizing patterns is one of the most critical lessons of reading copywriting daily.

Binging Copywriting And The Walking Dead
So here’s an example…

I used to love watching “The Walking Dead.”
Until I binged a season or two in a matter of days.
Then I could predict almost exactly when the zombies would appear…
And I knew the elements that would lead right up to the characters becoming trapped and then
narrowly escaping.
I picked up on cues in the directing that gave away what was coming because the set ups were always so
similar.
In fact, after binging two seasons, I felt like I could write an episode myself.
Opening scene…
So and so is injured or incapacitated in some way… we need supplies / or a specific rare item…
Go on supply run… everything is fine… supply run goes bad/some idiot makes a loud noise…
Zombies appear out of nowhere… roof falls in… heroes are overwhelmed by army of zombies suddenly…
Someone gets grabbed… they almost get bit… they narrowly escape.
You just change the characters and locations…
And with some limited exceptions, the chain of events I just described appeared in similar fashion
regularly in the show (from what I remember).
And it isn’t that The Walking Dead creators aren’t “clever” enough.
They knew exactly how to speak to their viewers’ emotions and captivate their audience.
That’s one of the reasons the show is so successful.
But it’s also why some regular patterns emerged.
You want to expedite your ability to recognize and deconstruct those types of patterns in copywriting.
The language of copywriting is designed for one function: to speak directly to the reader’s emotions…
So the sooner you can recognize the patterns within the language, the sooner YOU can manipulate
those patterns to do the same yourself.
If I wanted to write my own episode of The Walking Dead I’d binge episodes of The Walking Dead and
copy what works.
Same thing with copywriting.
Once you “binge” enough copy, it takes the work out of writing it.
The words will flow from you naturally.
You’ll just know what should come next.

As some folks put it, you’ll “see the matrix.”

Before You Can Ever Perform Active Reading
Unfortunately, you cannot simply binge copywriting and recognize the patterns.
It won’t work.
Remember, copywriting is a completely foreign language...
It is the hidden subtext that speaks directly to the reader’s emotions.
You can’t just read the words and pick it up.
The critical reading skills you learned in school won’t help you here.
So humble yourself now…
Do not think because copy is written in simple, basic, English words that it can be understood via
traditional reading comprehension.
Without a decoder like this guide, binging copywriting would be like trying to read a million Spanish
novels without some way to translate.
Even if you binge read all the Spanish novels in the world, you wouldn’t understand anything more
about the language without a way to translate it.
And you would be no closer to your goal of speaking Spanish fluently.
Important:
Binging is critical to learning and recognizing patterns.
But binging a foreign language is useless without a decoder.
This guide will serve as your decoder, unlocking your ability to binge copywriting and thus pick up the
language rapidly.

Copywriting. Must. Be. Translated.
There is a TON going on “behind the scenes” in copy.
Smoke and mirrors stuff.
You think you are reading one thing… but you really are not.
And often, if you aren’t very specifically searching and actively reading…
You may totally overlook a sales trigger or persuasion tactic that is subliminally being planted.
Active reading allows you to break down a piece of copy and pull out those tricks.

Active reading is a “translator” for teasing the subliminal subtext (i.e. the REAL messages) out of the
copy.

“The Big 4” – The Subtext Beneath All
Copywriting
In just a moment we will go deeper into active reading and dive into the different sections of copy…
But first, you must understand four crucial emotions and how they operate within a work of copy.
Because these four emotions are present in the entire body of copy…
From the first word of the headline, down to last word in the P.S..
Every word of copywriting is specifically designed and choreographed to serve what I call: The “The Big
4.”
Basically, in great copy there are four main sentiments or emotions you want to trigger in your reader’s
mind…
These 4 do that… Or “are” that.
And each of The Big 4 comes in a pair.
Think of each item as having an “alter ego.”
The alter ego is similar to the original emotion, but dressed up and comes with super powers.
Like Clark Kent and Superman.
Or Peter Parker and Spider-Man if you prefer Marvel (I do)…
Anyways, you get it.
When applied correctly, alter egos can function as persuasion multipliers, or “amplifiers.”
I know, this might sound complicated, but trust me, it’s really simple. I promise.
Look…
Here are The Big 4:





New
Easy
Safe
Big

And here they are with their alter egos attached:




New/Only
Easy/Anybody
Safe/Predictable



Big/Fast

NESB
A quick and easy mnemonic device you can use to recall the Big 4 is NESB (nes-bee).
Let’s dive into these, because they are the gas that drives every word of the copywriting machine.
The Big 4 are the subtext overlooked while regular people are reading copy with their… regular eyes.
I hope you’re excited…
This is your first step into translating the incredible and powerful language of copywriting.

New
New is the single most important emotion to drive a successful piece of copy.
People are highly skeptical of advertising and they have very short attention spans.
The most direct way to combat their fickle attention is to put something “new and novel” in front of
them.
It must be something they’ve truly never seen before...
Or they will walk away from your pitch before you can even make it.
To frame how important “New” is…
Just remember this phrase: “categorization is DEATH.”
If the reader ever feels they can label your message as something they’ve “seen before…”
Or even label your message as SIMILAR to something they’ve seen before…
i.e. They think: “This is just like that thing I saw yesterday…”
Then you and your copy are DEAD.
BURIED.
Treat “New” with that level of mortal seriousness.
I’m serious. I cannot stress this enough.
Your reader must never be able to say, “I know exactly what this is, I’ve seen this before.”
Copywriting speaks directly toward the emotional center of the brain.
The “lizard brain” as some call it.
And that is the most fickle and lazy part of the brain.

It does NOT want to spend any effort on attention.
The lizard brain wants to quickly categorize anything that crosses its path as either a threat, something
to eat, or something to ignore.
That way it can go back to doing nothing.
Do NOT let the lizard brain categorize your copywriting as something to ignore.
You combat that by weaving New into the subtext of your copywriting.
This guide will purposefully not offer you “step 1, 2, 3,” to accomplish this.
This guide will not tell you what to write.
Remember, this guide is your translator…
It will help you recognize the patterns hidden in the subtext of the words that you once thought were
just regular words.
And now you know about this one, single emotion, “New…”
You will now see the following words POP out at your face and smack you in the eye balls when you look
at copy…










Breakthrough
Revolutionary
Discovery
Game Changing
Disruptive
NEW
Announcing
Revealed
Breaking

You’ve probably seen these words listed as “power words” in a blog post before.
But what is their power? What does it matter?
They convey “New”.
They tell the lizard brain, “Hey, ya bastard. You can’t categorize and ignore me. I’ve gotcha.”
And now your brain will automatically translate these “regular words” for what they really mean…
The subtext they really convey…
And you will immediately understand their true purpose in copywriting.
They tell the reader, “You actually have NOT seen this before. Keep reading to discover what it is…”
Ultimately, you’ll understand what the copywriter who wrote them understands…

“Categorization is DEATH.”
If something is breakthrough, it is new.
If it is revolutionary… It is new.
If it is a game changer… it is new.
Again, all these words convey, “You do not know what this is because it is brand new.”

Why Is “New” So Important?
We’re going to go just a little deeper than I planned…
But I think this is very, very important.
This touches on the psychology of the reader.
If you are offering a widget to a reader, you are offering them some sort of “value.”
The “value” is that your widget solves a problem or provides some benefit.
Basic stuff, right?
And that’s where many copywriting guides might stop, but not this one...
If you are selling a problem solver widget, chances are your reader has had this problem for a while…
And what’s worse…
Nothing has ever worked for them before.
They’ve probably bought a widget for this problem before, and it failed them.
So they still have the problem…
They are now keenly aware and averse to what doesn’t work…
And they are still looking for that magic bullet / magic pill / one secret that will finally solve their
problem.
If you put the “same” solution that they’ve seen before, they KNOW there is no hope that it will work.
They have tried that.
And they assume that to indulge in reading your copy will just result in more disappointment.
So they won’t waste their time.
But if the copy conveys this is BRAND NEW, then there is hope for them.
This could be the thing.
This could finally be it.

Finally, the solution to their problems.
Something new = hope.
So the emotion of New isn’t just about holding attention to learn what the new thing is.
Many beginner copywriters believe intrigue alone will propel readers to continue reading.
But that’s not New’s true purpose.
New isn’t just a set of “power words.”
Even though New does hold attention, and New does have power…
It’s power comes from one thing NOBODY talks about…
New offers “hope.”
Hope that finally, the one thing that they have been searching for is in front of them.

New and Novel
One more thing on the topic of New…
New is NEW and NOVEL.
New is NOT just a “better version of xyz.”
Do not get the two confused.
As the famous copywriter, Ryan McGrath, taught me at Agora Financial:
New and different is better than “better.”
Here’s a couple lines of real life copywriting that demonstrate New…
Dear Reader,
Hello, I'm Dr. Kent Moors.
I'm reaching out to you today with a HUGE profit opportunity the likes of which has only been seen
twice in history...
And the last time was more than a century ago.
The key to this opportunity is a world-changing new liquid that's being pumped into a procession of
unmarked tanker trucks right now...
---------------------------------This excerpt is from a sales letter by Money Map Press.
The headline is:
Why the Pentagon Is Securing Millions Worth of the “Liquid Technology” Inside This Unmarked Tanker

I’ve dissected this promo on my YouTube.
Since you’re probably reading this as a digital copy, I’ll give you the URL to that YouTube video here:
https://youtu.be/Fv7zwDItHlk
Copy and paste that link and you can see me dissect the entire sales letter for free.
Also, you can have access to my entire swipe file with my notes in the margins by going to:
http://kylethewriter.com/swipe
I don’t want to make sales pitches inside a book you paid money for, but I thought you might be
interested in these free resources.
Any copywriting I use as an example in this book will be available through my swipe file link.
Sound like something you’ve “heard before?”
Probably not.
This is a “world-changing new liquid.”
New.

New’s Alter Ego is “Only”
Only is a very simple emotion to grasp…
You can “Only get this solution here, through me, on this page.”
To say you can only get something on this page means…
“If you haven’t bought this before on this page, then you haven’t bought anything like this before.”
To say you can only get something through me, means it is unique and proprietary to me.
So the subtext is, “if I didn’t sell you this thing, you haven’t bought anything like this before.”
These ideas convey the same sentiment as “New.”
Which, again, is: “this is different.”
But more powerfully.
Only amplifies New.
New is Peter Parker and Only is Spider-Man.
Got it?
Here are some key words that should jump out and let you know the subtext of the copywriting is
communicating the Only emotion:






Exclusive
Patented
Only here
Proprietary

You’ll be able to automatically translate these words for what they really mean…
Because you understand that these are not just “power words…”
But that these words convey the benefit of exclusiveness…
They convey New’s alter ego, “Only.”
Nothing is as important as New.
New is the source of hope.
Tap into that, and you have already won.
Here’s an example of Only taken from my first front-end promo I wrote for James Altucher and his
service, The Altucher Report, at Agora Financial.
The promo was called, The Hottest IPO.
Dear Reader,
See this document I’m holding in my hand?
It’s called The Pre-IPO Prospectus.
It’s the only document in the world that contains details of a pre-IPO strategy that could help you make
a fortune from this private company’s explosive growth…
BEFORE it goes public!
Right away we establish that this is a brand New opportunity that is Only available through us!

Easy
Nobody likes work.
If they did, everyone you knew when you were little and at school would be massively successful and
rich today.
If for some reason I can’t get you to totally believe that nobody likes work, then let’s compromise at this:
Anybody who loves work is not reading your copy. They’re working.
Okay, now you know copywriters only need to concern themselves with writing to people who want an
easy, “work-free” solution to their problems…

You can easily grasp the Easy emotion.
Folks want a push-button solution.
Or they want the “single, simple trick to 10x their results.”
There are two reasons for this:
1. They are lazy
2. They are insecure

Lazy
The first one is obvious, and probably the first thought that came to your mind immediately.
You can reduce a reader’s “workload” and play into their laziness by making the solution take very little
time…
“Six minute abs.”
Or by creating a system…
Or step-by-step solution…
Or by making it push-button…
The second reason, they are insecure, goes a little deeper into psychology.

Insecure
You see, like the New emotion, there is a chance that your prospect has tried something similar to what
you’re offering now…
And it failed them.
Maybe they blamed the products they bought.
But maybe, at a deeper level, they blamed themselves.
“I’m not smart enough.”
“I’m not rich enough.”
“I’m too ugly, too short, too fat, too bald, too oily, too weak…”
So a writer can multiply the effect of Easy by making things easy enough that Anybody can do it.
And that is where Easy’s alter ego comes in.

Easy’s Alter Ego is “Anybody”
When you convey that “anybody can do xyz,” you are conveying that the process has been dumbed
down for the lowest common denominator.
Even though people may think they are bad at something, they never believe that they are the dumbest
or worst person on the planet.

So you can quickly and easily convey that something is easy enough for them…
Despite their insecurities and shortcomings…
By conveying that it is so fool-proof that Anybody can use this solution and still get incredible results.
This leads us to what are known as “Not Statements.”

Not Statements
Not statements have two uses.
1. Build intrigue
2. Convey Easy/Anybody
The first use of Not Statements is to build intrigue.
Use this when your reader might THINK they know what you’re talking about already, but then you say…
“I can easily help you get abs in 6 days with this breakthrough technique…
It’s not muscle confusion.
It’s not power lifting.
And it’s not cardio…”
You want your reader left thinking, “Well shit… What is it?!”
So that’s the intrigue side of Not Statements.
The other primary use of Not Statements is to directly employ the Easy / Anybody emotions…
“You can earn $1,000 a week in passive income starting next Monday…
And you don’t have to be a financial genius, or even have finished high school.
You don’t have to have any coding or web experience, you could get started in the next five minutes
with nothing but an internet connection.
And you don’t have to have a lot money… all you need is $10!”
What not statements do in this context is provide the reader with the certainty that the solution is not
too difficult for them.
In other words, the reader doesn’t have to do any real work and they are already over-qualified.
Now when you read copywriting, I expect the REAL meaning behind the following words and phrases to
POP out at you…






Easy
Anybody
Simple
1, 2, 3…
Push-button











Automatic
Fool-proof
Step-by-step
System
All you have to do is…
All you needed to do…
Simply follow the steps…
Not statements
You don’t need…

Now you know that the copywriter is pushing the Easy/Anybody emotion into action.
“This solution will not require work from you…
And it is not too complicated to be beyond your reach.
You can do this.”
Easy.
Here’s an example of Easy at play in Money Map’s promo for “The Money Zone.”
Now you’re $7,800 richer over a three-week period, all because the S&P 500 went in the direction it was
expected to.
And again, all you needed to do was place a middleman trade.
To do this you would have to place a special and very obscure options play on the S&P, which as you
know is not a stock but rather the heartbeat of the market itself.
To me this is easy money.
It doesn’t get any easier than this.
The copywriter directly states that THIS IS EASY.
Below is an example of “Not Statements” from The Hottest IPO…
But in just a few minutes you could be one of the lucky few who will get their hands on The Pre-IPO
Prospectus…
Inside this independent research document, you’ll learn all the details of this exciting project…
And see how you can invest in the groundbreaking technology behind it…
BEFORE this startup goes public.
You don’t have to be an accredited investor or have a lot of money.
You don’t have to be a stock expert…
Or even have any investing experience at all.

But you need to act fast…
I expect by the end of the day all the 945 Pre-IPO Prospectuses I have will be gone.
In this copy, I’m taking the most common hurdles a reader might bring up immediately and knocking
them out line by line.
I’m letting them know: “Anybody can do this…”

Safe
To capture attention, copywriters are forced to put some pretty bold promises in front of their readers.
Unfortunately, what the copywriters gain in attention with bold promises also comes handcuffed to
additional skepticism.
To state the obvious, skepticism makes a copywriter’s job more difficult…
But a smart copywriter can fight that skepticism with the right tools.
But before we get into those…

A Hidden Benefit of Safe
Employing the Safe emotion will combat reader skepticism…
And it will also make your offer more appear more VALUABLE to your reader.
Psychology studies have shown that when people consider something “risky,” they also judge that
thing’s benefits as less valuable.
Conversely, when folks deem something as “safe,” they automatically attribute higher value to that
thing’s benefits.
This might feel counterintuitive to the real world, where higher risk usually comes tied to higher
potential rewards, but copywriters are not selling to logical beings…
They are selling to people.
So knowing what we know about irrational people, the Safe emotion serves two goals:
1. It makes the reader less skeptical about your offer, thereby making the reader more open to the
idea of buying
2. By reducing risk, Safe automatically increases the reader’s perceived value of your offer,
because studies have shown that things people perceive as “less risky” are perceived as “more
valuable”
That makes Safe a very powerful emotion.
And since it has two benefits, it has exponential returns for copywriters!

Risk Aversion
Studies have shown that people are risk averse.

Risk averse basically means people would rather avoid a loss than pursue a gain.
This is sort of common knowledge in the persuasion community.
But what does that mean for us, practically as copywriters?
What does that mean for our Big 4 emotions?
The best way to understand it is to view an example from a real psychology study…
A set of subjects had two choices.
Choice one, they could take “a gamble.”
The gamble option was an 80% chance to win $100 with a 20% chance to win $10.
To help you visualize what that means…
Imagine the gamble option as a scratch-off lottery ticket with 10 squares.
Eight squares are worth $100 and two squares are worth $10.
But you can only scratch one square.
Okay, got that visual?
Good.
The other choice people had besides the gamble option was a sure thing of $80, guaranteed.
The results?
Most people take the $80.
Mathematically, that doesn’t make sense.
A statistician would tell you the value of the gamble was $82.
$100 X .8 + $10 *.2 = $82.
Logically, the gamble is worth more.
But we aren’t dealing with logical beings.
We are dealing with people.
And even if you aren’t a math whiz, turning down an 80% chance at $100 is a tough option to turn
down.
Especially when the lowest possible outcome was to still win $10…
UNLESS you are a human being who places incredible value on CERTAINTY.
Fact is, most people in this experiment would rather “pay a premium” or “take a discounted payout” in
exchange for CERTAINTY.

Even though an 80% chance at $100 is pretty damn good odds.
People would rather sacrifice 20 potential dollars and take a guaranteed $80.
Just because it’s Safe.
Even though the worst-case scenario came in at a minority 20% chance…
Folks totally threw out the logical, and more attractive offer of an 80% shot at a better payout of $100.
What does this mean for you, as a copywriter?
It means your reader is very much invested in eliminating as much risk as possible.
Remember when we said the Safe emotion increases PERCEIVED value of your offer?
Here’s your proof…
Given two valuable options, people would prefer the LESS VALUABLE option ($80 instead of $100)…
As long as it is LESS RISKY (100% vs 80% chance).
They perceive the more Safe option as more desirable, even though it is in fact, less valuable.
Just to feel that sense of Safe.

Safe’s Alter Ego is “Predictable.”
There’s a powerful way to jack up the level of Safe a reader feels.
If a copywriter can convey that something follows a Predictable pattern…
That the opportunity follows in-step with something similar that has happened before…
Or that this opportunity or its benefits are “inevitable,” then readers will perceive that thing as even
more “Safe.”
Showing patterns inside credibility, track record, testimonials, case studies, success stories, etc.,
demonstrates that “xyz result” is more “Predictable.”
The subtext conveyed is that the last time something like “A” happened in history, “B” was the result.
Made Up Example:
“In 2005, Company A’s stock dropped 800 points and then Company A hired CEO Frank. Then investors
in Company A made 10 million dollars in 48 hours.
Today, Company B’s stock has just dropped 800 points and guess who they hired as CEO…? That’s right,
CEO Frank. You already know what’s bound to happen next for Company B’s investors in just a matter of
time.”
If you can set up the pattern to be obvious…
And then let the READER predict or infer what will happen next like in the made up example above…

Then the reader is actually SELLING THEMSELVES on the opportunity.
So that was just one made up example.
I’ll once again remind you that the words you choose are not as important as the subtext they convey.
That’s why this guide does not say, “write copy this way.”
You write whatever words help you convey Safe and Predictable.
And now that you understand the emotion of Safe and its alter ego Predictable…
You can automatically translate the following words and phrases when you see them for what they
really mean: “This is Safe, therefore it is exceptionally beneficial and valuable.”








Happened before
Predictable
Safe
History is repeating itself
Just like we’ve seen before
Again
The last time this happened…

We can see an example of Safe using the SAME copywriting example we used for Easy.
Here’s that clip again from The Money Zone…
Now you’re $7,800 richer over a three-week period, all because the S&P 500 went in the direction it was
expected to.
And again, all you needed to do was place a middleman trade.
To do this you would have to place a special and very obscure options play on the S&P, which as you
know is not a stock but rather the heartbeat of the market itself.
To me this is easy money.
It doesn t get any easier than this.
Is there risk? Sure, whenever you’re dealing with the markets…
You can always lose.
As I told you just minutes ago…
The master algorithm knows – with 93% certainty – which direction the S&P is going in (one week in
advance)…
But if the S&P doesn’t go in that direction over the following week, it won’t enter the Money Zone, and
you won’t get paid.
Notice the copywriter actually gave the level of Safe a numerical value… 93% certainty.

How Predictable is this benefit? 93%.
This is a great time to explain why the writer would not WANT to claim 100% certainty…
A 100% claim in the stock market is simply unbelievable.
The entire world would be turned upside down if one person could figure out how to never miss a single
opportunity in the stock market.
Everybody in the world would be breaking down doors to get that solution and its value would clearly be
infinity dollars, since you could never lose money.
Therefore, a 100% certainty claim would actually create more skepticism, not less.
It’s up to you to draw that line in your copy, depending on your niche and product offering.
I will mention I have seen a “type” of 100% claim in financial copywriting before.
In Money Map’s “Heatseekers” promo…
The headline read:

Using the track record in this way infers Safe and Predictable without guaranteeing it.

Big
Big generally refers to the size of the opportunity at hand.
This emotion communicates that the opportunity in front of the reader is extremely important,
groundbreaking, and rewarding.
Big is probably the most abstract emotion of the four.

It can take many forms – but it can also be directly stated in copy.
Also, the other three emotions can directly feed into Big...
If something is New, it could be disruptive.
A disruption is usually Big.
“The last time something like this happened, it was extremely disruptive…”
That also weaves Predictability in the mix, since we infer we have seen something similar when we say
“the last time.”
(That’s pretty cool, huh? Soon you’ll be able to pick up on these patterns as you binge copywriting).
A writer can weave Easy into Big by saying something like:
“This is so easy you’ll never trade stocks the same way again.”
So you see, the emotions can work in harmony.
Big is important, because it demands attention.
It infers change, and that is usually why someone reads your copy…
Because they want a change.
And Big works especially well when coupled with fear of missing out (FOMO).

Fear of Missing Out
Big lends itself easily to FOMO.
For example…
“Do you want to miss out on the chance to invest in the next Google/Amazon/Facebook?
Because that’s how much money is at stake…”
The reader might feel: “Wow, that’s pretty big. I should pay attention.”

Big’s Alter Ego is “Fast”
It is important that the reader feel like they are standing at the foot of a mountain of opportunity.
“This single thing can improve your life 10,000%.”
The only thing better than something that big…
“This single thing can improve your life 10,000% overnight…”
It’s great to see your money grow 10,000%...
To see your strength improve 10,000%...
To see your skin look 10,000% silkier and younger…

But what’s better than those Big changes?
All of that stuff in a matter of seconds, minutes, days…
Not years.
So Fast multiplies the Big of your offer.
Knowing this, you can automatically translate the following phrases…









Big
Fast
Monster
Huge
Once in a lifetime
Quickly
Overnight
Weekly

You’ll know that Big commands attention…
It triggers FOMO…
And the only thing better than Big is getting something Big NOW.
Big AND Fast.
Here’s an example of some real copywriting that demonstrates Big and Fast from The Hottest IPO
promo…
And when it comes to growth, nobody comes even close to this startup…
That’s why tech magazine Inc. says:
“It’s Quite Possibly the Fastest-Growing Private Company Ever”
Business Insider calls it “the most valuable startup in the U.S. and across the globe.”
And Time magazine called it “the world’s fastest-growing startup” and “the defining technology success
story of this era.”
It’s growing faster than Google…
It’s growing three times FASTER than Facebook.
It’s growing even faster than Amazon.
And we know these companies all made a lot of people overnight millionaires.
In fact — Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon himself, says if you had invested in Amazon before it went
public, you would have made 70,000 times your money!
Meaning a measly $1,000 investment could have turned into $70 million.

But you HAD to get in position before the IPO.
Because look at Amazon now. It trades at over $1,000 per share!
In order to just make two times your money, that sucker would have to go up ONE THOUSAND dollars
more!
That could take around, oh let’s see… an entire century.
But if you had been among the lucky few investors who moved fast, before Amazon went public…
You’d be set for life.
Taking orders from nobody.
Enjoying the perks of what some people would call “F-U money”.
Like I said, the private company I’m sharing with you today is growing even faster than Amazon.
It has poured billions into some accredited investors’ accounts already.
That’s why…
You Need to Act Fast… Because Silicon Valley Insiders Are Getting Rich With Each Passing Day
Notice how all the elements come together in this passage...
It’s BIG, worth millions.
It’s growing FASTER than the Biggest companies.
And OTHER PEOPLE are already getting rich (FOMO).
I’ll give you one more example of Big and Fast…
This one from that same Money Map promo I used earlier about the new liquid.
Except this time, specifically pay attention to the “Bigness.”
Dear Reader,
Hello, I'm Dr. Kent Moors.
I'm reaching out to you today with a HUGE profit opportunity the likes of which has only been seen
twice in history...
And the last time was more than a century ago.
The key to this opportunity is a world-changing new liquid that's being pumped into a procession of
unmarked tanker trucks right now...
Even as you read this, these trucks are rolling out of a small American company's nondescript – yet
highly secure – production facility in the Midwest.
Why all the secrecy and security?

I'll explain that fully in just a moment. But the crux of it is that this tiny company has pioneered an
incredible new "polymorphic" substance...
And that substance is about to transform dozens of global industries worth at least $3.1 trillion per year.
In the history of human commerce, this is by far the biggest combined market ever targeted by a single
company...
This excerpt is dripping with Big…
“HUGE profit opportunity.”
“Only seen twice in history.”
“World-changing”
“By far the biggest.”
And “Even as you read this,” indicates that it’s happening NOW, without your knowledge…
Tickling the FOMO trigger.
I LOVE this excerpt because you can find a strong presence of New, Safe, and Big in these few short
sentences.
Because this promo is not offering a “system” or “strategy” for the reader to follow, it doesn’t lean too
much on the Easy emotion.
And that’s okay. Every line of copy doesn’t have to have all four emotions.
You’ll start to recognize that as you begin binging copy on your own.
And remember, if you want the full promo for any of the excerpts I’ve shown, you can have them totally
free at: www.kylethewriter.com/swipe

Summing Up The Big 4 Emotions…
Now that you understand that an entire body of copy is driven by four main emotions and their alter
egos…
I think you are ready to dive into the nuances of the different sections of copy.
There are also four of them, too.
But no cool name this time (maybe there will be when I write the second edition of this book).

The Four Sections of Copy
All words in a piece of copy are not created equal.
Remember that the Big 4 should be weaved into virtually every line of copy…
And aside from those emotions, specific words have specific roles to play, depending on what section of
the copy they are in.
There is an order to a sales letter, and that is important.
Abandon the order, and the copy doesn’t make as much sense.
So think of it like this…
In English we say: “The red apple.”
In Spanish it’s reversed; “La manzana roja.”
Translated literally: “The apple red.”
If you screw around with the order, the meaning isn’t totally lost…
But it sure is mangled.
And that is bad for keeping the attention of busy and skeptical readers.
So to simplify everything, let’s break the copy into four sections…
And we will have specific things to look for in each section while we are actively reading…
The four sections of copy are:
1.
2.
3.
4.

The headline
The lead
The body
The offer

Before we dive in, remember the goal of this guide…
This guide is meant to decode the language of copywriting.
It will be the tool that allows you to decipher the subtext in each section of copy.
You just need to know what to look for…
So in this upcoming section you’ll get a brand new method to help you perform active reading.
As you learn the framework for copywriting in this next section…
You’ll also learn to TRANSLATE the subliminal messages of the copywriting language into “plain English.”
It will seem like I’m telling you WHAT to write, but that is not our goal with this.

I’m teaching you how to TRANSLATE what you are reading…
Then you will be able to accomplish the greater goal of “binging” good copywriting…
You want to learn how to effectively BINGE. That should be your main focus.
Because if you can binge on good copywriting…
You can recognize the obvious patterns.
Like when I binged too much of “The Walking Dead” and ruined the show for myself.
After that, you’ll know everything you need to write your own amazing copy with ease.

Section 1: The Headline
A crazy amount of the information must be conveyed very early in the copy.
Unfortunately, most readers won’t read much further than the headline…
So you’ve got to cram a lot of stuff into your copy right away.
You’ve probably heard this before, but if you haven’t:
“The purpose of a headline is to grab attention.”
That’s a VERY simplistic way to put it and there is A LOT to unpack from that line.
In fact, that’s the “plain English” way to put it, and this section will uncover the underlying assumptions
that often go undiscussed.
First, we should discuss the structure of a headline…

The Structure of the Headline Complex
Here’s the headline for The Hottest IPO In History

The line at the top: “WARNING: Limited Spots Available” is referred to as the “eyebrow.”
The headline is “The Hottest IPO in History.”

The stuff below the headline, the “99.9%...goes public!” is referred to as “deck copy.”
You could call the testimonial beneath “deck copy.”
You could call it “the testimonial box.”
That’s where my structure expertise ends because it doesn’t much matter what you label it.

The 4 U’s
The quickest method for translating a headline is to identify four elements commonly labeled as “The
Four U’s.” (lots of fours in this guide, huh?)
A google search told me that the 4 U’s were originally developed by legendary entrepreneur and
copywriter, Mark Ford.
Ford co-founded American Writers and Artists, Inc…
And The Palm Beach Letter, the flagship investment advisory for Palm Beach Research Group.
I haven’t done any further research on how the 4 U’s were developed or what they specifically meant to
Mark Ford.
That being said: Ford may have slightly different definitions than I’m sharing here, but they shouldn’t be
material differences.
So in this section, I’m going to be explaining what the four U’s mean to me, personally.
The four U’s are:





Urgent
Unique
Useful
Ultra-Specific

All four do not have to be present for a headline to work.
But if 2 or more are missing, the headline will probably not hold attention.

Urgent
Urgency is easy.
Just convey that there is a limited time to read this piece of copy and get in on this opportunity.
When you see a date in the headline, its sole purpose is to convey urgency.
“Take action by December 21”
“Sale ends this Friday”

Usually, when one conveys the Big emotion in the headline, it also creates urgency through FOMO.
FOMO is like a cousin of urgency.
Consider the Hottest IPO headline again:
“The Hottest IPO in History”

There is nothing specifically urgent about it… but there is a hint of urgency within the FOMO it
generates.
The “deck copy” beneath the headline teases more urgency with the “BEFORE this company goes
public!”
Here’s another subtle example from Money Map:

Notice how the copywriter says it’s ABOUT to go public.
Also you’ll see the Big emotion and FOMO clearly at play here.
Many times, copywriters just go right for the throat with urgency.
Here’s an example from a headline with clear urgency…
I wrote this during the cryptocurrency boom:

Urgency is the simplest U, and one of the U’s that could be discarded from the headline, so long as the
other 3 are present.
One of my favorite promos was Money Map’s “Money Zone” promo.

That was a very successful promo, and there was zero urgency in the headline.
Take a look…

Ultra-Specific
The next U is Ultra-specific.
Find some way to make the opportunity “weirdly” specific.
Don’t tell someone they can make $10,000.
Tell them they can make $10,251 (odd numbers supposedly work best).
Don’t tell them they’ll look 10 years younger…
Tell them they’ll look 12 and a half years younger.
Starting to get it?
Don’t tell them their strength will improve 100%...
Tell them it will improve 251%.
Alright. So that’s one way.
Another way to plug in some ultra-specificity is with speed.
Selling a karate course?
“A 3-second karate move that can take out someone 134 pounds heavier than you!”
The specific numbers imply that the headline’s claim has been tested and proven before.
The line: “A 3-second move that can take out someone 134 pounds heavier than you!” implies that this
move has in fact worked in 3 seconds before…
AND the move worked for someone who weighed 134 pounds less than their opponent.

The reason ultra-specificity is so important is it plants depth into the claim.
In short, it makes the headline seem REAL.
It increases believability.
At least enough that the reader may investigate further.
In The Hottest IPO example above, the promise was “can turn the average retirement into $588,000 or
more… BEFORE this company goes public!”
In the 70-Cent Crypto example above: “turn a small sum into $2.7 million.”
Go as specific as legally possible, and don’t lie.
Generally, the ultra-specific claim should be based on an example that you will demonstrate in your lead
or body copy.
Consider the lead copy of 70 Cent Crypto:

See how right away we explain where the $2.7 million claim came from?
Ultra-specific is another one of the U’s that can be discarded, so long as the other 3 U’s are still present.
Money Map’s Money Zone promo claimed you could make “up to $11,000 a week” and it worked very
well.
I would say that line is sorta specific. Not “ultra.”
And that promo’s headline didn’t even have ANY urgency!

Unique
Unique is non-negotiable.
Because unique is a synonym for New and novel.
We know from The Big 4 Emotions that New is the foundation of strong copy.
If your headline offers up something the reader has seen before, they will not waste their precious time
reading it.
Think about the health niche, where diets come and go.
Is anybody still trying to sell you on the Atkins diet?
A while back it was EVERYWHERE.
But after a while it wasn’t New.
And it wasn’t the “magic bullet solution” many people thought it would be.
And thus, they began their search for the next “magic bullet” that would make them a healthier, fitter,
sexier person… overnight.
The South Beach Diet was first called the “Modified Carbohydrate Diet.”
But that wasn’t a sexy sell…
After rebranding the diet as something New (The South Beach Diet), it took off.
In 2018, the ketogenic diet (keto) was the hot new diet.
And I bet in 2019 keto will all but disappear, except for within the circles of intense keto advocates.
New diets will continue to emerge and dominate simply because the market demands it.
People who struggle to consistently diet and exercise will always be looking for the easier solution.
That’s one of the things that makes “unique” so captivating.
Take a look at this Money Map headline for their Night Trader Product…

The copywriter infers “this is different” by starting with “99.99% of American Investors Trade During the
Day…”
And then moving into…
“While other people toss and turn…”
This conveys the subtext that he is doing something New…
He’s the Only person doing it (or at least in the 00.01%)…
And that makes it Unique!
If the reader has been struggling for success in the stock market, this headline offers up some secret
knowledge about a New, unique method that they’ve never heard of…
This headline offers hope because it is unique!
Another example of unique’s power can be found by referring back to the Money Zone headline from
the previous section…
I would argue that the uniqueness of the Money Zone headline…
Where they claim America’s #1 stock analyst is “DONE with stocks!”...
Is where the power of the headline came from.
How often does the #1 person at anything announce they are completely giving that thing up?
Something New and better must have been uncovered!
The copywriter understood that nothing is more important than being New and Novel…
When you plant something unique in your headline, you are conveying the New emotion in the subtext.

To convey something unique, just pull one item from your product or offer, and emphasize it.
The Money Zone product doesn’t trade traditional stocks.
The Night Trader product trades at night.
It’s not rocket science.
Your product probably has more than one unique element to it.
For instance, here is a second headline for The Hottest IPO that I wrote…

This headline is selling the same product as The Hottest IPO, but with a completely fresh and unique
idea.
The main selling point of The Hottest IPO and The $15 Trillion Gadget is that self-driving cars are going to
be very disruptive.
So I was able to tie that idea of self-driving cars to an IPO and also tie it to the physical parts that make
self-driving cars work.
This is useful for refreshing fatiguing copy, but that’s a little advanced for this section.
The point is… finding something unique in your offer or product just requires a little critical thinking.

Just Highlight Something
Don’t spin your wheels trying to make your idea totally “revolutionary.”

Finding something unique isn’t that hard.
In fact, that is probably the hardest part…
There is no “right answer” for you.
It probably won’t “jump out at you.”
Because your unique element could be any insignificant thing.
There just needs to be a unique element in your headline that the reader has never, ever seen before.
An easy “hack” to think about this: “The first BLANK to ever…”
“The first skin cream to ever use volcanic ash.”
“The first options trading system to ever exclusively trade 25 cent options…”
This conveys New, and New conveys unique.
I want to push you away from copying down this line and using it.
Because I don’t necessarily want you to directly state this line in your headline.
In fact, I almost deleted this “hack” example from this guide…
For fear you would simply use it as a bland template.
This “hack” is supposed to get your mind thinking about the subtext you need to convey: NEW.
Remember, I’m not telling you WHAT to write…
I’m offering tools to help you translate the copywriting language so YOU can speak it fluently.
Let’s look over a quick example to show what I mean…
The 70 Cent Crypto headline is a great example.

When we wrote this promo, cryptocurrencies were hot.
Everybody was piling into crypto.
So how could I make headline about cryptocurrencies feel unique?
I could just pick one element about the crypto and highlight it.
All I had to do was draw attention to how cheap the crypto was and voila.
I wouldn’t say, “The first crypto ever to be 70 cents and could make you rich.”
That’s why templates are bad news.
Once you can speak the copywriting language, your headline will use words that are as natural to you as
how you describe your favorite restaurant.
Think about this…
If you wanted to convince me to go to your favorite restaurant, you probably wouldn’t say:
“How do I get Kyle interested in this restaurant? Ummm… It’s the first restaurant ever to… Uhhh… the
first restaurant ever to give me two loaves of bread before dinner?”
If you try to fit your writing into a tight template, it will stifle your abilities...
It will kill your ability to create something New...
And that will kill your success.
We are not putting together a piece of furniture when we build a headline…
We are speaking a language of subtext and emotion.
Always, always, always, start your process THERE.
Think to yourself “I know the subtext I must communicate, what words might do that best?”
And make sure your headline has some unique element or idea in it.

Useful
The reader will not care to read your copy if they do not feel they will draw something useful from it.
This means you will already need to know what your audience finds “useful...”
This will require some research.
To write something truly useful, you’ll want to know:




Who your ideal prospect is
What topics they are curious about today
What promises or benefits would compel them to continue reading on

One approach is to directly offer a benefit:
“Make money”
“Look younger”
Etc…
Or you can offer information on a specific topic that is top of mind, that they are interested in…
Take a look at this headline by Palm Beach Research Group for their product, The Palm Beach Letter.

This headline refers to President Trump’s tax reform, which was highly covered by the media.
You can see the copywriter took something top of mind and made it useful.

When you know what is top of mind for your reader, you can write something that strikes a specific
chord of intrigue.

Intrigue Alone is NOT Useful – What’s In It For Me? (WIIFM)
I have seen experienced copywriters make this mistake before...
They’ll show me a headline and say, “What do you think?”
I search and search but then I’m forced to ask, “What’s in it for me?”
And then they’ll say something like, “Well, this is a topic they should really be interested in reading more
about...”
Then they frown and realize that intrigue alone is not going to cut it.
Sometimes even great writers can get caught up in the excitement of their idea.
But great copywriters also know that intrigue alone is not enough to pull a reader into your sales letter.
Once this error is pointed out to them, experienced copywriters immediately go back to the drawing
board without argument.
Remember, everyone wants to know “What’s In It For Me?”
That’s why “WIIFM is everyone’s favorite radio station.”
Your headline must be useful to the reader.
Going back to the Palm Beach Letter headline: “We Snuck Through!”
That is a cool, intriguing headline… Snuck through where???
The writer teases the usefulness via “income tricks” while introducing a topic that is top of mind: tax
reform.
“18 Little—Known Tax Loopholes and Income Tricks that Made it Through Tax Reform Intact!”
And finally, really making it REALLY useful for the reader, the writer drops the line:
“A new FREE BOOK reveals how you could collect up to $6,842 per month thanks to these 100% legal
ideas…”
And if you’re really paying attention, you should be able to see how we are incorporating different
elements we’ve learned in the previous sections.

It All Adds Up
Let’s take a moment to go through this…
The words “little known” and “loopholes” imply you can “Only” get this knowledge from me.
Otherwise everyone would know.

Only is New’s powerful alter ego.
The link to Trump’s tax reforms makes the headline Safe...
By tying the headline to the government and the law, the opportunity has the highest level of credibility.
Making $6,842 per month is ultra-specific, useful, “Fast” and “Predictable.”
Predictable because per month implies the income will repeat on a monthly basis.
A FREE BOOK is cheap enough for Anyone to Easily afford.
And “100% legal ideas” implies that you don’t have to do anything out of the ordinary, shady, or
difficult.
See how many boxes have been checked...
All of it neatly wrapped into the headline.

Wrapping Up The Headline
Perhaps without this guide, you might have seen a headline like, ““WE SNUCK THROUGH!” 18 Little—
Known Tax Loopholes and Income Tricks that Made it Through Tax Reform Intact!”
And thought: “benefit driven headline.”
But now, in this guide…
Right in front of you…
You have all the tools you need to pick apart headlines like this and see what they really communicate.
The copywriting language is a direct link to a reader’s emotional triggers.
The language is communicated purely through the subtext.
All you have to do is keep your focus on The Big 4.
Already you’ve seen how a copywriter can communicate New, Easy, Safe and Big in a wild variety of
ways.
You’ve seen that the words do not matter…
Only what the words imply.
That’s why I try very hard to never tell you what to write…
Because I want YOU to develop the your copywriting fluency to a point that you intuitively know you
communicate something is Easy simply by calling it “100% legal.”
Going forward, you’ll know with a quick glance whether a headline is doing its job well or not.
And you’ll be able to binge hundreds of headlines this way…

Uncovering the subliminal patterns that make the best ones work so well.
Now that you know what elements must be communicated, via the language of copywriting, you can
quickly form your own headlines.
And I didn’t tell you a single thing to write…
Because it isn’t what you say, it’s what you communicate.
When you know you must communicate urgency… the words will just come naturally.
And it will be more and more natural as you binge more and more copy…
You’ll recognize the common patterns of how other writers convey urgency.
It will be the same when you know you must communicate uniqueness: the words will come naturally.
You know you must communicate ultra-specificity…
The words will come naturally.
You know you must communicate usefulness… and guess what?
The words will come as naturally as saying “It’s a beautiful day outside” in plain English.
And very soon, as you make your way through the rest of this guide…
You’ll be able to go from headline to P.S. writing your own piece of copy…
Powerfully communicating in the language of copywriting with ease.
You’ll see that virtually every line in a successful piece of copy serves a purpose.
And once you know how to translate the subtext from the words…
You’ll be able to “see the matrix.”
For the first time ever, you’ll speak the same language as the best copywriters in the world.
You’ll be unstoppable.

Section 2: The Lead
The lead is what immediately follows the headline and in terms of the Big 4, the lead is the generally the
densest area of a piece of copy.
It would not be crazy to think you could spend 30 minutes picking apart the first 500 words of a piece of
copy.
I have a few ways to sum up a lead.

A Lead Is Like The Abstract To A Scholarly Journal Article.
If you’ve ever looked up a scholarly journal article, they always have an “abstract” at the top.
Or you might see it on the preview page where they ask you to pay for the full article.
In an abstract, the researcher has to communicate pretty much all the major details of the study.
That could be the major details about the sample, the methods, and the results.
And that serves as a high-level summary of the what you can expect if you purchase the research
article…
If a reader wants the finer details, they buy or read the whole article.
That’s basically what a copywriter is tasked to do when writing a lead.
Here are the FIVE major things you’ll want to accomplish in a lead:






Capture attention (Can be done in headline)
Expand upon the headline
Establish credibility
Make a big promise
Open a loop (bribe)

But before we get into the step-by-steps, we have to cover some ground rules.

A Lead Should Contain The Most Compelling Claims and Info That Will Be
Covered In The Copy
A copywriter has to cram some of the “major” information about what will be covered in the body copy
into the first couple pages…
Or approximately 500-ish words.
Keep in mind, leads can vary in length.
In long form sales letters, I’ve seen leads range anywhere from 2-7 pages.

Basically, you’ll want to tease your most compelling claim or claims and produce your general sales
message in the lead.
And you haven’t started proving your claims by page 7, you probably need to scale the lead back.
At a minimum:
The Lead Should Introduce the Fundamental Claim or Idea That Will Be Covered or Proven in the Body
Copy.
That does NOT mean you must reveal the offer or product in the lead.
Not even a little bit.
In many sales letters, the offer or product is hidden until the very last few pages.
Usually in a long form sales letter, the lead’s purpose is to build hype about an opportunity…
Or really illustrate the terrible problem that needs to be solved.
It does that by acutely focusing on the Big 4, right up until the “guru” is introduced.
Often, once the “guru” behind the letter (the guy selling something) is introduced, the lead is over.
And essentially, by the time you reach the end of the lead, all the major information that would make
your prospect want to buy should have already been conveyed.
The rest of the letter, called the body copy, is just “proving the point.”

A Lead Offers ONE Big Idea or Promise Which Can Be Summed Up In A
Single Sentence
In my experience, writing a lead is an “ongoing” process.
That is, I won’t actually know everything that will be in the lead until the promo is about fully written.
Sometimes when I’m writing the body copy I’ll discover some neat hook, a weird angle, or a new piece
of information I could go back and inject into the lead.
It’s been the same while writing this guide.
I started writing this guide knowing the “general direction” I wanted to take the text.
I had ONE idea. Which I could sum up in a single sentence…
“Copywriting is a language, communicated purely through subtext.”
I started my introduction by writing some of the things I THOUGHT I would cover…
But as I’ve been writing the book, it has taken a life and direction of its own.
And I keep having to go back and change my introduction to tease what is really be covered.

It’s the same thing with any lead, in my experience.
But you should still only have one idea.

The Headline, Lead, and Body Copy Share a “Soul.”
Before you write a word of copy, summarize your idea in one sentence.
This is the “soul” of your letter.
It is the lifeforce that compelled you to write your piece of copy in the first place.
The reason for this is you NEED a single coherent direction.
Start with this question: what is the one major benefit or payoff that everything in your copy will tie to?
I’ve heard this called “The Golden Thread.”
And it’s also been referred to as “The Rule of One.”
I call it the “Soul.”
Ideally, you’ll know exactly what the Soul of your copy is before you start writing.
But as I mentioned earlier, for me writing the lead is an “ongoing process.”
That’s why I like the term “Soul.”
It gives your idea permission to exist like a living thing…
Something that grows and evolves over time.
Sometimes your Soul will be crystal clear…
Sometimes you will have to hash out a couple attempts to focus or find your Soul.
But you should always have some sense for what your Soul is about.
New information should just sharpen the Soul and make it clearer.
The point is, don’t beat yourself up if your Soul starts a little vague when you write the first version of
your lead.
But at the end of writing your copy, EVERYTHING should be tied to ONE idea that you can sum up in a
single sentence.
For example, I wrote a promo called Trump Bonus Checks with another copywriter, Rob Braddock.
We had ONE sentence to guide all of our writing.
That sentence was EXACTLY THIS:
“Trump did a thing, now you get paid.”

That was the Soul of our promo.
If anything we wrote deviated from that message in any way, it was promptly deleted.
Okay, knowing all these things I’ve explained about the lead…
Again, here are the FOUR major things you’ll want to accomplish in a lead:






Capture attention
Expand upon the headline
Establish credibility
Make a Big Promise
Open a loop

The Lead Should Capture Attention
To capture attention, some copywriters begin their lead with what is called a pattern interrupt.
A super easy way to quickly capture a reader’s attention is to just show them something…
Preferably something they haven’t seen before in another ad.
Here’s a couple examples from promos I have worked on.
Notice how all the lead text starts in a similar fashion…

Coming up with a pattern interrupt isn’t rocket science.
Just try to get the reader to focus attention on you.
Be aware of what your competitors are putting in front of your reader as pattern interrupts.

You do not want to present your reader with something they have seen before.
Now you know you can grab their attention in the lead with a pattern interrupt…
Or, if you think your headline complex by itself was a strong enough pattern interrupt, you can build
their intrigue by expanding upon your headline.

The Lead Should Expand Upon the Headline
You’ll want the lead to flow right out of your headline and offer some additional relevant information
about your headline.
This is sometimes called a “payoff.”

Payoffs
Your headline should generate sufficient curiosity for the reader to want to figure out what you’re
talking about.
The next line out of the headline should give them just a little bit more detail without giving away
anything too particular.
Some folks refer to this as a “payoff.”
I can demonstrate the payoff concept in the first couple lines of a successful marketing email I wrote for
The $15 Trillion Gadget.

Tiny, Incredible Gadget Could Bring $15 Trillion…
Dear Reader,
A gadget you could conceal in the palm of your hand…
That could easily pass through airport security…
And could be mass-produced quickly…
Holds the technology set to blow the lid off a breakthrough $15 trillion tech revolution…
Of course this will make a lot of investors very rich…
But it will also scare lot of people.
Joe Schneider, managing director at KPMG Corporate Finance, said, “Once the massive market
disruption begins… we expect significant turmoil.”
The boom is coming either way.
It’s your choice whether you want to grow wealthy… or just be scared.
Click here now to learn about what’s coming.
The sales letter I wrote this email for has nothing to do with airport security…

Or much to do with the gadget or its mass production abilities.
If you’ll recall from earlier, this sales letter was about self-driving cars.
So we have our headline (or subject line, for this email):
“Tiny, Incredible Gadget Could Bring $15 Trillion…”
Then the first couple lines of this email are little nothing “payoffs” I give the reader to expand on the
headline…
They don’t really offer any new useful information…
They are just something I use to capture and hold the reader’s attention while I shift gears to the real
opportunity I want to talk about…
The technology inside the gadget, and its potential money rewards.
That’s when I drop the line:
“Holds the technology set to blow the lid off a breakthrough $15 trillion tech revolution…”
That’s the big promise I really want them to read.
It was the same strategy with the pattern interrupt examples above.
I captured the reader’s attention just long enough to shift to my big promise…
Which is usually something like: “You can get rich from this.”
You want to get to your one big promise as soon as possible.
As. Soon. As. Possible.
Here’s another example of expanding upon the headline in promo I wrote for Rich Dad’s Retirement
Masterclass…

Throughout this entire excerpt of copy, I’m simply expanding upon the “49 Retirement Income Tricks” I
mentioned in the headline.
Okay let’s recap what we have so far…
Recap for the first two:
Get their attention with the headline and the 4 U’s…
Pattern interrupts are a powerful and easy way to capture attention.
Expand on your headline…
And remember, when you expand upon the headline, you do not have to give away your secrets.
You can just list properties about the subject that your headline focused on.
The goal is to build curiosity, intrigue, and/or hype.
Then, offer your ONE big promise as soon as possible.
P.S. As extra practice, you can start to look for the Big 4 in all the examples above.

The Lead Should Offer Credibility
Very early in your lead, the copy should offer credibility that explains why your reader should believe
you.
Thinking about it logically – You should have made a big promise in your headline…
Your promise is weird and specific enough to capture and hold attention…
It offers something the reader wants…
And chances are, the reader is so cynical and skeptical they are on the edge of shouting “bullshit” the
first chance they get.
In fact, they can’t wait to call bullshit on a “scammy marketer” like you.
They live for it!
This is the time to inject some cred that proves either:
1. You are a credible authority, who should be listened to, or…
2. Your claims are supported by credible authorities
You do not need to make a big show of credibility in the lead.
Just a single line will do for now.

Because as you’ll see when we explore the body copy, there is a more appropriate time to lay the
credibility on thick.
If we refer back to that short email I wrote, you’ll see I inject some credibility after my big promise by
quoting an authority:
“Joe Schneider, managing director at KPMG Corporate Finance, said, “Once the massive market
disruption begins… we expect significant turmoil.” “
We don’t know how or why the turmoil will come…
But a guy with a fancy title said he expects it…
That communicates the event is basically inevitable!
(Communicating something is probable/inevitable communicates our the Big 4 Emotion of
Safe/Predictable…
Are you starting to see how these lessons are building on each other more and more?)
I then have to quickly move to a call to action after that credibility line because it was a short email, not
a sales letter.
This email has proved consistently that by the time a reader reaches the end of it…
That about 11% of people are sufficiently intrigued and convinced that whatever this thing is, it’s real
and interesting enough to them to click the link and learn more...
And these readers get a lot of marketing emails every single day.
Also consider this: Clicking a link is an action the reader has to take.
That’s some form of investment or micro-commitment, which is a decent feat in persuasion.
For a copywriter starting their lead, their job is simpler.
They just need make sure the reader takes NO action besides reading the next line.
Another Example:
We can also look back to the Rich Dad Retirement Masterclass letter for an example of credibility.
You’ll notice that the opening line IS, in fact, credibility.
“Dear Reader,
I’m Robert Kiyosaki, author of Rich Dad Poor Dad, the #1 best-selling personal finance book of all time.”
I had utilized a significant amount of deck copy to expand my headline…
And dropping credibility in the first line was easy and natural.
There is no hard and fast “specific” timing with the four things you must do in the lead.
I’m not telling you WHAT to write.

I’m simply highlighting patterns of subtext that is usually communicated by the best copywriters.
I have personally followed these patterns to great success.
And I know you can too.
So we have captured attention…
Expanded upon the headline…
And inserted some credibility… what now?

The Lead Should Offer The Big Promise
As I stated earlier, you want to get to your big promise as quickly as possible.
There are no specific words you must use.
You should write whatever comes most naturally.
It’s possible your Big Promise will change slightly from the time you start your writing until you finish.
That’s okay.
When constructing your big promise, use the Big 4 Emotions as a guide:





New / Only
Easy / Anybody
Safe / Predictable
Big / Fast

Some products lend themselves to certain emotions more than others.
For instance, if a writer wants to sell a product based around a “system…”
It could be a system to help lonely, single people go on more dates…
A system for hopeless couch potatoes to lose 20 pounds…
A system for broke people to generate passive income…
It could be anything about a step by step system / push-button solution / done-for-you product…
The writer may want to lean more heavily on introducing and proving claims about how Fast the system
pays out benefits and how Anybody can use it.
The Big Promise should reflect that as well.
If a copywriter is writing about a prediction…
A trend that the copywriter wants readers to buy into early…
If the writer is trying to convince a person that something is on its way and the reader needs to act fast…

Then the copywriter will lean on emotions of New and Big to rile up that fear of missing out.
Throughout the copy, the copywriter will want to hit on as many of the Big 4 Emotions as possible…
But a writer can lean much more heavily on the two or three that naturally favor their offer.
Which ones the writer chooses as the most important to their message will make up the remainder of
their lead.
But if you can, jam as many of the Big 4 Emotions as you can early into your lead.
Let’s revisit the Rich Dad Retirement Masterclass lead…

Here’s my Big Promise…
“All it takes is a couple of these secrets to start collecting anywhere from $1,168, $2,551, and even
$4,377 in safe and predictable cash flow week in and week out…”
My Big Promise actually states the words “Safe” and “Predictable!”
That’s because the promise is for passive income.
Someone who wants passive income wants money to come on auto-pilot.

They don’t want to have to tinker with anything.
They don’t want to worry about the fluctuations of the stock market.
They just want the money to come and come on time.
Set it and forget it.
So I stress that this is safe and predictable in my promise.
Also, the phrase “All it takes…” indicates there is an abundance of “secrets” in this offer.
And all you need to do is take advantage of a couple of the 49 secrets. Easy.
At the same time I’m promising Big income numbers, up in the thousands of dollars.
And the opportunity is totally New because this information has never been in any of the past books
that Robert has written!

The Lead Should Open A Loop
At this point in the lead, the writer has brought up their big promise and presented their most
compelling claims…
Now they need to create an “open loop.”
An open loop is just a “tease” for information that will be revealed later in the letter.
This is also referred to as a “bribe.” (I got the term “bribe” from Clayton Makepeace).
It’s a bribe you offer them in exchange for them to continue reading.
Luckily, opening a loop is pretty simple to execute, and can be written like:
“In just a second, I will show you exactly how ‘the claims I just said’ are totally true.”
This is a simple open loop…
You’ll see variants as you binge copy…
Another common example:
“If you stick with me, I will prove beyond a shadow of a doubt how you can ‘receive the benefits I
promised.’”
Just look over a couple pieces of copy and next thing you’ll know, you’ll be able to rattle off 10 different
lines to open a loop.
And you’ll find methods that are far more subtle than asking the reader to stick around.
In fact, in just a second I’ll show you a masterfully written open loop right out of an actual sales letter.
But first…

Putting A Lead Together
We see the lead usually contains five basic elements






Capture attention
Expand upon the headline
Establish credibility
Make a Big Promise
Open a loop (bribe)

When you look at leads the way I have described, the job becomes fairly straightforward.
The copywriter should already understand the Soul of his project.
He has summed up his idea in a single sentence.
i.e. for Trump Bonus Checks we used “Trump did a thing, now you get paid.”
Then the copywriter is tasked with proving that idea.
The writers task is to find information that proves the claims…
Then communicate them through the Big 4 Emotions.
Once you see that, and truly grasp it in your bones…
Writing copy just becomes a system of answering simple questions.
Start with:
The soul of my Soul promo summed up in a single sentence is…
Then:
“How do I prove this is Big? What can I compare it to that was Big already?”
“How can I demonstrate to the reader how Easy and Fast this is?”
The best writers in the world know this…
Even though it’s quite possible they don’t consciously know that they are doing it this way.
Because they think they just “get it.”
They speak the language of copywriting.
Just like when you talk to your friends…
You don’t consciously realize when you are conjugating verbs or using adjectives to modify nouns.
You just do it.
After years of practice, the master copywriters eventually come to speak the language of copywriting.
But it won’t take you years of practice.

Starting today (or whenever you finish this guide)…
You can look at a line of copy and immediately translate what the writer was trying to accomplish.
And I mean ANY old random line of copy…
You’ll know EXACTLY why it was written… even if it is completely out of context!

Any Single Line of Copy
As proof of the practical use of this guide…
I’ve grabbed a single, random line of copy from the lead of a sales letter in my swipe file.
If you’ve paid attention to every word up to this point in the guide…
You know everything you must know to translate its true meaning.
Here’s the one line:
“Plus multiple triple-digit wins of up to 542% in the coming months...”
See if you can use what you’ve learned to translate this single, out of context line.
What do you think the writer was trying to communicate?
You know this line is in the lead…
And you have the Big 4 Emotions framework to go by…
Take a shot at it on your own, then I’ll go into it with you.
Does the translation jump out at you yet?
Let’s see if we can figure out what this single line communicates… REALLY.
Since this is in the lead, it looks like the copywriter is setting up a promise or claim he will have to prove
later in the body copy…
And what are they trying to communicate with this claim?






“Multiple” = more than one chance to profit = Safe.
“Triple digit wins” = Big wins.
“542%” is specific enough to imply some intense calculation has been run to produce this
number = Safe.
That 542% number is a pretty nice return = Big.
“Coming months” = Predictable.

When you translate each word using just the Big 4 Emotions as your decoder…
You can see this line was designed to communicate that the opportunity is both Big and Safe.
This is one line of copy from a 37-page promo.

Now imagine you binged and translated copy like this for multiple sales letters…
You dug into each line to find what it was truly communicating…
It would not take you long at all before you’d see…
These sales-letter things are all pretty similar.
Then you’ll “get it.”
You’ll “see the matrix.”
Finally, you’ll speak the language of copywriting with ease.

A Quick Exercise: Translate The Copy That Surrounds That Single Line
Below I’ll post the rest of the copy that surrounds that single line we just translated.
It’s from a sales letter by Money Map Press.
The headline is:
Why the Pentagon Is Securing Millions Worth of the “Liquid Technology” Inside This Unmarked Tanker
I’ve dissected this promo on my YouTube.
Since you’re probably reading this as a digital copy, I’ll give you the URL to that YouTube video here:
https://youtu.be/Fv7zwDItHlk
Copy and paste that link and you can see me dissect the entire sales letter for free.
Also, you can have access to my entire swipe file with my notes in the margins by going to:
http://kylethewriter.com/swipe
I don’t want to make sales pitches inside a book you paid money for, but I thought you might be
interested in these free resources.
Here’s some of the copywriting that surrounds that single line we just translated:
As you're probably starting to realize, this is a historic breakthrough. And if you play it the way I'm going
to show you...
You could haul in the kinds of profits that only come around once in a century.
I'm talking about the chance to score up to 10,000% returns or moreover just the next few years...
Plus multiple triple-digit wins of up to 542% in the coming months...
And the potential for literally hundreds of times your money long term.
How can I be SURE this company could score you such huge profits?

I'll show you right now...
The Pentagon is handing you this win on a silver platter.
This is the end of the lead for that promo.
The lead is 382 words long.
Then the writer transitions into the body copy next by introducing the “guru” in what I call “the
credibility section.”
This is also a great transitioning point for us to start talking about the elements of body copy.
But before we dive into the elements of body copy…
Earlier I said I would show you an open loop.
Do you see it?
The open loop was:
“If you play it the way I’m going to show you…”
The copywriter is SAYING you can make a bunch of money…
But what he is really communicating is:
“I will reveal this method to you… just keep reading…”
Then the copy goes on to communicate:
“You don’t want to miss this, because it’s huge!
And if you’re nervous, don’t worry… it’s totally safe.”
Again, the more you practice, the more these things will jump out at you.
And I will never, ever, ever have to tell you: “write this, write that.”
You’ll just know.
One more open loop example:
If you refer back to the Rich Dad Retirement Masterclass lead…
The second line is an open loop…
Dear Reader,
I’m Robert Kiyosaki, author of Rich Dad Poor Dad, the #1 best-selling personal finance book of all time.
Today I want to tell you about 49 retirement income secrets I did NOT include in Rich Dad Poor Dad…
Secrets that the rich love… but the poor and middle class do not know about!

All it takes is a couple of these secrets to start collecting anywhere from $1,168, $2,551, and even
$4,377 in safe and predictable cash flow week in and week out…
Starting as soon as this coming Monday, January 21, 2019
Oh, one last (secret) open loop example:
Maybe you caught it, but I just opened another loop above:
“This is also a great transitioning point for us to start talking about the elements of body copy.
But before we dive into the elements of body copy…
Earlier I said I would show you an open loop…”
I opened a new loop RIGHT before closing my first loop by saying “but before we dive into…”
That’s the easiest way to do set up loops.
After finishing this guide and binging a little bit of copy, you’ll be able to open loops easily and
automatically.

Section 3: The Body Copy
Believe it or not, things start to get a lot more streamlined in the body copy.
The point of the body copy is simply for the copywriter to prove their claims from the lead and then any
subsequent objections that may come up.
Here’s how I like to think about the body copy…
Imagine that you have totally made your pitch in the lead.
You laid out your opportunity, the exciting promise and maybe some claims about why they should buy
today.
Many people are excited and ready to buy.
But there are a bunch of very analytical folks standing there with their arms folded and they say:
“Yeah, but...”
That is an objection.
That reader has some sort of hesitation about your lead.
In the body copy, the copywriter’s job is to anticipate every single “Yeah, but…” from their lead…
And then resolve it.
And if that sounds like a lot, once again, don’t worry.
There is a very simple template that you can follow to crush through each objection.
In fact, while I usually recommend following emotions…
This is one of the few step-by-step templates I recommend you stick to.
You’ll also be happy to know that there are some very common objections that are universal to almost
every single sale on the planet.
After you overcome them one or two times, it will be second nature for you going forward.
The most complicated part is gathering the proof for overcoming objections.
Again, don’t worry. You can usually grab everything you need from a quick google search.
And once you overcome the most common objections, the bulk of your work in the body copy is done!
So…
In this section of the guide I’ll offer:




The simple template that master copywriters follow when they want to prove their point
The most common objections you must overcome
The most common types of proof you can use to overcome those objections

Let’s start with the proof template.

The Body Template
The body copy will consist almost entirely of a copywriter repeating this single template over and over.
Like most elements of the copywriting language, you would probably never even notice that a sales
letter is just repeating this over and over unless you were specifically trained to translate copy.
Good thing you have this guide, huh?
Again, I want to repeat that this is one of the few instances where I say it is a good idea for you to stick
to the template almost always.
Jumping straight into the template, here it is:





Objection
Claim
Proof
Benefit

Feel free to drill this into your brain for a moment…
Once you grasp these four things, it will make the next two sections super easy to breeze through.
Got these four burned in your brain forever?
Okay, let’s talk about it.

Addressing an Objection
An objection is anything in a customer’s mind that may prevent them from buying.
An objection doesn’t have to be a literal “no” sort of objection to your claim or promise…
It could also be a critical piece of information that would cause the reader to refuse to buy unless they
knew it.
For instance…
If a copywriter were to claim, “You can make a ton of money with this system…”
A natural set of follow-up questions would be:





“Why am I just now hearing about this?”
“Do I need to have experience to do this?”
“What guarantees do I have?”
“How much money can I make?”

None of these are outright literal “objections,” like someone shouting “bullshit!” or saying “no way!”

But we address them as such.
Also, please take a moment to note that I generated all four of these objections in an instant, simply by
considering objections to my promise using the frame of The Big 4.
That is, each objection corresponds to one of The Big 4…





New
Easy
Safe
Big

It took me mere seconds to generate those four objections, and I could definitely come up with more by
considering the 4 alter egos.
Well, you did pay money for this guide (I hope)…
So just for you I’ll go the extra mile now…
The Alter Egos:





New/Only
Easy/Anybody
Safe/Predictable
Big/Fast

The objections:





Why should I buy this from you?
What if I don’t have any money right now?
How do I know this will work?
How fast will I make money?

Again, by keeping the Big 4 Emotions top of mind…
I could generate every answer I needed to communicate without ANY effort.
So now you have a set of objections you can anticipate a reasonable reader to consider.
And all you have to do at this point is follow the body copy template and answer the objections.
Remember:





Objection
Claim
Proof
Benefit

Observe:
First consider your objection: How much money can I make?

A copywriter may blatantly address the objection in their copy this way:
“I bet by now you are probably wondering, “how much money can I make?’”
Or the copywriter can cut that step and just jump straight to the next step of the template: Claim.
Before I dive into claims, I’ll just rattle off some of the most common objections you might spot while
translating copy…
















Why shouldn’t I just use an alternative?
Why should I act now?
Who are you?
Why should I listen to you?
How did you figure this out?
How does it work?
Why are you telling me about this?
Is this going to be difficult?
What do I need to get started?
Will this take a lot of time?
Is this risky?
How much will the results improve my life? / How big are the “results?” / How much money can
I make, etc.
How fast will it take to see results?
How much does it cost?
What if it doesn’t work?

Making a Claim
It’s very easy and subtler for a copywriter to anticipate an objection…
And then start a new section of copy with they state a direct claim that answers the “unspoken”
objection.
The un-stated objection: How much money can I make?
The copywriter turns the answer (a claim) into a subhead:
“You can make $10,000 in a week with this system.”
Okay, that’s a cool. The copywriter has made their claim.
And he didn’t need to directly state the objection (How much money can I make?) in the copy at all.
Now it’s time for the proof.

Presenting Proof
Proof is any information that can help the copywriter substantiate their claim.

Generally, proof comes in threes.
That’s pretty important.
The writing can feel a little “unresolved” if the writer only offers one or two pieces of proof.
More than three is great…
But generally, three is the magic number of proof points.
Let’s go over the most common types of proof.








Case studies
Demonstrations
Testimonials
Quotes from authorities
Charts and graphs
Official documents
Articles and headlines

So at this stage of the template the copywriter has claimed the reader can make $10,000 with their
system.
But they cannot find three pieces of proof showing $10,000 returns.
The $10,000 mark is just too high.
That’s okay. There’s a simple trick for this.
Here’s what they’d do.
Proof #1:
“Look at what happened when my proprietary system said buy Stock ABC…
*show a chart of Stock ABC*
You could have made $5,000!”
Proof #2:
“And then the system said buy Stock DEF…
*show a chart of Stock DEF*
You could have made $7,500!”
Proof #3:
“Now I bet you’re pretty convinced this is a great system. But wait until I show you what happened
when the system said to buy stock GHI…
*show a chart of Stock GHI*

You could have made a whopping $10,000!”
The copywriter just proved you could make $10,000 with the system and provided three pieces of proof.

Show Don’t Tell
When a copywriter is offering up their three or more pieces of proof, they would like “show” instead of
“tell” as often as possible.
You can try to present number gains as visuals, like the charts in the above example.
Generally with each of the three pieces of proof, you’ll want to re-present them two to three times in
different ways.
This is called a “reframe.”

Reframing The Proof
So in the above example, the copywriter provided a visual chart AND told the reader about the
monetary gains.
That’s two presentations.
How else could the copywriter “show” the reader how much money they were getting?
A good copywriter will try reframe proof often.
Continuing the previous example…
“You could have made a whopping $10,000!
Use my proprietary system to collect that much every month and you are clearing six-figures in yearly
income!”
That’s a reframe.
I changed the frame from a one-time $10,000 win into a “yearly income.”
It’s not difficult, see?
All you need to do for a reframe is present a new perspective on the same information.
Another easy way for a copywriter to reframe their proof is just to make a simple, relatable comparison.
Let’s try another.
“You could have made a whopping $10,000!
That’s 765 times more money that what you would have made sticking your money in the S&P 500 for
the entire year!”
When a copywriter reframes their proof, they are making the proof “three-dimensional.”
In a reader’s mind, it becomes more tangible. More real.
When you start to binge copywriting, you will now translate this reframe pattern constantly…

As a result, you’ll start to see new and clever ways to reframe simple pieces of proof.

Showing the Reader The Benefit
Everyone always says, talk about benefits over features.
Finally, here’s a copywriter’s big chance.
Step 1: They’ve anticipated the objection…
Step 2: They’ve stated a claim that combats the objection…
Step 3: They’ve presented three pieces of proof that support the claim AND reframed each to make
them three-dimensional…
Now it’s time to talk benefits.
Here’s how you’d do it:
Continuing our example after our third piece of proof…
“You could have made a whopping $10,000!
Make that much every month with this system and you are clearing six-figures in yearly income!
Won’t you be the talk of the town?
Imagine it…
People will whisper about you, ‘how did he afford that fancy new car?’
‘Did you see his new pool?’
‘What about that trip to Italy he took his family on! Where did he get ALL THAT MONEY?’”
In this example, I didn’t state the benefits directly at the reader.
I “showed” him the benefits in action.
I showed him the life he could have.
A very easy way a copywriter can illustrate (show don’t tell) the benefits to the reader is simply by
writing the word: “Imagine…”
And then write out whatever the reader would enjoy imagining.
“Imagine the look on your friend’s faces when you knock 10 strokes off your golf game.”
“Imagine sleeping easy every night because our debt consolidation service lowered your payments by
hundreds of dollars a month.”
To keep the copy fresh and avoid an echo…
A copywriter can just erase the word “imagine” and tell the reader about the benefits they’ll experience.
“You’ll speak with confidence and make friends easily after attending this public speaking class.”

A Dark Tip About Benefits
Let me share something with you that I have found to be universally true.
Things that people consider the most personal, are actually the most common.
That is, everyone’s personal shame is EVERYONE’S personal shame.
Are you jealous of your successful, beautiful best friend who has had it so easy their whole life?
So is everyone else.
Do you resent how you allowed yourself to be manipulated in your last relationship… or all your
relationships?
So does everyone else.
Do you think you are unlovable for something that you did or happened to you years ago?
Unfortunately, so do most people.
And maybe not all of these apply to you…
But it is a hell of a bountiful place to start when thinking up how you’ll describe benefits.
Everyone wants relief from their fears and frustrations.
They want to stick it to their smug brother in law…
Or their controlling father…
Or their Math teacher who said they wouldn’t amount to anything.
Everyone wants to be somebody.
Everyone wants to feel loved, special, and important.
Everyone wants a life of leisure and pleasure.
The truth is…
Those things that everyone thinks are most personal and private…
Are actually the most universal.
Ugly truths we don’t want to face about our natures.
But hey, that’s just part of being human.

The Seven Deadly Benefits
Another way to think about this “dark side” of benefits stuff, is to consider the seven deadly sins.
1. Lust

2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.

Gluttony
Greed
Sloth
Wrath
Envy
Pride

People want a life full of this stuff.
That’s why they buy things.
They want a solution that makes things easier so they can lounge around.
They want something to make them RICH so they can lord it over their judgmental father in law…
They want to have a better golf game because they want to have some dignity (pride) when they play
beside their skilled friends.
When you think of presenting benefits from these sort of “dark” places…
Then you’ll be able to paint a most beautiful picture for your reader.
Now when you see the word “imagine” in a piece of copy…
You’ll immediately translate the words following as the copywriter’s presentation of benefits…
And maybe even trace them directly to one of the seven deadly sins.

Examples of the Body Copy Template In Action
The first example is very special to me.
It’s one of the first claims I ever wrote and proved in a sales letter.
I want you to pay attention to how simple this example is.
The structure is painfully obvious and elementary.
But it works!
As of today, this letter has been making me money every single day for about a year.
Here’s the example, from The Hottest IPO…
You Need to Act Fast… Because Silicon Valley Insiders Are Getting Rich With Each Passing Day
You see, behind the scenes…
In the private market…
This company is already making some of my venture capitalist friends filthy rich.
For example, one of my friends who’s a Silicon Valley insider (he asked me not to mention his name)
says he turned $25,000 into nearly $60 million.

Bill Gurley, considered one of technology’s top dealmakers, got in early… and his investment grew
58,233% to over $7 billion!
Shark Tank guest Chris Sacca saw his investment soar 933,233%. His stake is now worth over $2.8
billion!
With those types of gains, a $1,000 investment would have made you over $9 million already!
That’s crazy, right?
The Objection is basically: why should I act fast?
The claim is Silicon Valley insiders are already getting rich. You’re missing out.
I provided three examples of rich investors as my three pieces of proof.
I wrote the benefit in turns of a small investment making you rich.
This is how simple copywriting can be for you.
Now let’s look closer…
Because I’m talking about James Altucher’s “venture capitalist friends” it offers an exclusive “insider”
look. Triggering the Only emotion.
The $1,000 indicates it is Easy to get rich from this.
Because big name investors and prominent people are putting in their money, you can feel assured this
isn’t a scam. SAFE.
And $1,000 turning into over $9 million? It doesn’t get much Bigger than that.
Let’s look at another example.
This example will be much more sophisticated because of my experience after a year of writing at Agora
Financial.
This is proof presented in the form of a case study for Rich Dad’s Retirement Masterclass.
A Single One-Time Move That Can Produce the Equivalent of $1,846 Every Week
This one secret move could not only supplement your retirement, but could bring in more money than
your salary alone.
I’m sure George was a little scared of trying something new...
Something outside the stock market, bonds, typical real estate or anything you might have heard before.
“At first I was really skeptical. I didn’t believe it.”
But thanks to this little-known, one-time move…
George was able to immediately gross $96,000 in yearly income for himself and his family.
While I haven't had a chance to personally vet his financials…

Just imagine pocketing the equivalent of $1,846… every single week… for LIFE.
More money than most people collect from an entire month of Social Security.
And George says he only spends about an hour a week checking in on his income!
Which is about “eight to nine thousand,” he whispered in amazement.
Now George has a reliable way to keep making a lot of money in retirement…
George says his own family has a hard time believing his rapid success.
Because most folks have never heard of such a lucrative strategy as this.
The objection is: Will this be hard?
My claim is: “A Single One-Time Move That Can Produce the Equivalent of $1,846 Every Week.”
My proof is George’s story. He’s a regular, skeptical guy who executed a little-known, one-time move to
collect $96,000 in yearly income.
I asked the reader to imagine the benefits of $1,846 every single week for life.
I reframed the amount by comparing it to social security.
I also make sure to cover the Big 4 Emotions…
Inside my story I suggest George was trying something NEW.
I insist most people don’t know this secret. ONLY (New’s alter ego) I do.
I tell the reader it is only a one-time move. It doesn’t require a ton of work. It’s EASY.
I address the reader’s skepticism through George and his own shock. Ensuring it is SAFE and ANYBODY
(Easy’s alter ego) can do it.
George’s checks come in “eight to nine thousand” a month. PREDICTABLE (Safe’s alter ego) income.
And for a one-time move, eight to nine thousand a month is pretty damn BIG and FAST.
Rinse and repeat for the next section of the body copy.
Just remember to check off as many of the Big 4 boxes as possible.
The reader will be convinced.
Then all that’s left to do is take their money.

Wrapping Up The Body Copy Template
There you have it…
When you look at nearly any piece of copy, particularly long-form…
You’ll find that the very best performers in the world follow this simple step-by-step template in their
body copy:






Objection
Claim
Proof
Benefit

The next time you read a piece of body copy, you should now be able to dissect virtually every line…
And you’ll be able to easily translate each line to determine what stage the writer is at in their
communication.
Are they communicating a claim that they want you to believe?
Are they communicating proof as to WHY you should believe them?
Or are they communicating a benefit?
Are they showing you how, if you’ll just listen to them, your wildest dreams will come true?
Seeing this pattern will become second nature to you, now that it is part of your copywriting lexicon.
And you’ll be surprised how universal it is.

Common Sections in the Body Copy
Now that you know how to present your information, I’m going to list some common sections in the
body copy and go over them with you.
Sometimes these ideas are presented in the lead in a single line…
Then elaborated further in the body copy with an entire section following the Objection, Claim, Proof,
Benefit template.
The following list of sections aren’t official definitions you’ve read anywhere else in the world…
Because they are names I personally gave to patterns I recognized while translating literally thousands
of pages of copy.








Better Than Section
The Last Time This Happened Section
Guru/Credibility Section
Discovery Story
Key Insight
Layman’s Explanation
Technical Explanation

The first two sections listed are a little unique.
Because it is common for these to be in the grey area that could be LEAD or body copy, depending on
who you talk to.

But they do follow the Objection, Claim, Proof, Benefit template.

Two Quick Tips for Building A Strong Lead And Starting the Body Copy
With A Bang
There are two sections of copy I really like to include in a lead where I’m presenting a large opportunity.
I typically use these two sections in a customer acquisition sales letter, or a “front end” promotion.
A front-end promotion is a low-priced offer of around $50 or less…
It’s designed to get the customer to buy something from you and get into your customer list.
A back-end promotion is a high-priced offer of anywhere from $2,000 to $10,000 or beyond…
It’s designed to generate a ton of profits.
You don’t need to know much more than that.
With what I’ve taught you thus far, the next two sections should make sense…
And once you grasp the core concepts I show you, you’ll be able to immediately translate these sections
into what any copywriter is really trying to communicate.

The “Better Than” Section
The first section I call The “Better Than” section…
And it is exactly what it sounds like!
After you hit all the core elements of a lead as explained above, you simply want to communicate the
following message in a subhead…
“This opportunity is ‘better than’ the best, hottest thing out there right now.”
Since I write financial copy, I love to go to something like Amazon or Facebook for this section.
For instance, FAANG stocks were all the rave in 2018.
Investors thought Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix, and Google were the MUST HAVE stocks.
So, for a “better than” section I might say something like:
“This single opportunity will deliver bigger profits than all the FAANG stocks put together!”
That’s my claim.
Then I would find a quote or figure about my opportunity from a news source…
One that would support the idea that you could make more with my opportunity than the FAANG
stocks…
Then I might grab a chart or think of a comparison to draw…

And then one other piece of proof.
Bingo bango, that’s one awesome “Better Than” section all done.

What Does A “Better Than” Section Communicate?
The “Better Than” section simultaneously builds the hype for your opportunity…
Which makes it perfect for around the lead…
While also selling the reader OUT of doing the “popular thing” of the moment.
Selling out of something basically means selling “away” from something…
It’s the process of selling someone on NOT doing something else.
Because one objection the reader might have is, “Why don’t I just do this thing that’s hot right now?”
I recommend you knock that objection out early.
Now, which emotion I communicate is up to the angle of my claim and the proof I fetch.
For instance, if I say “you can make more money with my opportunity than with FAANG stocks…”
Then I am communicating my opportunity is BIG.
If I say my opportunity has consistently outperformed FAANG, I am communicating it is BIG and SAFE.
So pick and choose what you want to specifically communicate for your opportunity.
But no matter what: I MUST communicate one of The Big 4 or the section is worthless.
Here’s an example of the Better Than section from The Hottest IPO and it will pick up where my last
example left off…
With those types of gains, a $1,000 investment would have made you over $9 million already!
That’s crazy, right?
That’s Even Better Than Bitcoin
I don’t know of any other asset that could grow your wealth so fast.
For example, the mainstream media likes to say that Bitcoin is the best performance asset in the entire
world.
Sure, Bitcoin has minted tons of millionaires.
But this private company is making people even more money!
Over the last 12 months, Bitcoin has delivered around 800% returns for investors.
But we have seen over 900,000% gains from this private startup.

That’s over 1,000 times higher than Bitcoin!
No wonder Business Insider calls this company “the most valuable startup in the U.S. and across the
globe.”
When The Hottest IPO was written, Bitcoin was all the hype.
It was the “popular thing” of the moment I needed to sell away from.
When I re-wrote the lead of Hottest IPO for the $15 Trillion Gadget, it made sense to update my
example.
Here is how the “Better Than” section was presented in the $15 Trillion Gadget.

The Second One I Call “The Last Time Something Like This Happened”
(TLTSLTH) Section
This can go early in the copy, near the lead because it is a Big, hype-driven section.
To employ the TLTSLTH section, simply communicate the following message in a subhead:
“The last time something like this happened was over 25 years ago!”
Then I tell the story about what happened 25 years ago…
Only this time: It’s much bigger.
“The last time something like this opportunity happened, people became wildly happy!”
So for something like financial copywriting, you might write something like:
“The last time a tax bill like this was passed, millionaires were minted overnight.”
Then you explain how people got rich from a similar opportunity…
Only this time: It’s much bigger.
By showing a historical case study, I have introduced a pattern…
And therefore, Predictability.
The legendary Gary Halbert did this in his famous “Water Ad.”
WARNING: Do Not Read This Unless You Are Already Rich!
If you would like to know how someone can start with a simple idea... and then... generate over
$51,000,000 in sales in just one year... this is going to be the most interesting message you will ever
read. Here is why: There's a guy in California named Carl Palmer who, until recently, was very wealthy
and very bored. He got rich (the first time) by starting a company in 1970 which he sold out to Coca-Cola
just three years later in 1973. As part of the deal, he had to sign a "non-compete" agreement with a
duration of five years. After that five years ended, he went back in business and built up another
company which was soon acquired by the giant AMF Corporation. After that, Carl developed Shackley's
reverse osmosis home water filtration system... and... in the first year... they did $51 million in sales with
that product. And so on. You get the idea. What this guy does is, he comes up with enormously valuable
inventions, starts a company to sell those inventions... and soon... he goes nuts with all the hassles of
running a business... and so... he sells out (at a huge profit) to some giant corporation that has the
resources and the clout to exploit the living daylights out of whatever it is he has invented. But now, he
has outdone himself. Now, at the request of the Seychelle Technologies, Inc., he has invented something
that is needed by every human being in the world... and...
This Invention Is Almost Certain To Generate Billions In Sales!
Pay attention to how Halbert explains the pattern between “You get the idea” and “But now, he has
outdone himself.”

This is a huge booster for the Safe emotion because it creates a very valuable and Predictable pattern
for the reader to believe in…
Knowing this, you should be able to immediately translate what it is copywriters are REALLY trying to
communicate when they explain history to you.

The Guru/Credibility Section
The Guru or “Credibility” section is pretty much ubiquitous in all pieces of copy…
It’s also where I draw a hard, black and white line for transition from the “lead” to “body copy.”
When you see the credibility section, you are officially in the body copy.
The credibility section is designed to overcome the “who are you?” and “why should I listen to you?”
objections.
So while you are binging and translating copywriting you’ll notice the credibility section communicates:
“You should listen to me.”
That is the copywriter’s claim: “You should listen to me.”
Generally, the copywriter will introduce the guru and then list some reasons the guru is credible.
That can include photos with prominent, credible people…
A list of appearances on authority sources, like being on TV and news networks…
Or a track record of success or accurate predictions.
Usually, you won’t see case studies or testimonials at this point.
Those are mostly reserved for the Offer Copy, which we will cover in a little bit.
Here’s an example Guru Section from The Hottest IPO…
Notice the variety of sources that really show the reader: “James Altucher is a very credible guy you
should listen to!”

The Discovery Story
The discovery story or “key insight” section usually tells the story of how the guru came across this
breakthrough opportunity.
It addresses the objection: “how do you know about this?”
And usually communicates some element of New’s alter ego, “Only.”
That is, the story could be about a key piece of information gathered from a secret source…
Or some elite network…
The proof would simply be offering proof such a relationship exists between the guru and the secret
source.
Made Up Example:
Here’s a made up example off the top of my head, and we will build on this in the coming sections…
“As you know, I have worked on government projects before.
And on one of these projects I overheard a secret meeting.
Afterward, I approached one of the men and asked him about it, and what he shared with me blew my
mind.
I can’t tell you all the details here…
All you need to know is this is the most explosive opportunity I’ve ever come across.”
This example lets the reader know there is a secret government opportunity only our guru knows about.
So you just want to communicate that this information is not available to the whole world.
In fact, it was by chance that our guru luckily discovered this opportunity, thanks to his personal
circumstances.
That’s Big 4 Emotion New/“Only.”
Here’s how we did that for The 70 Cent Crypto:

Then the writer can transition into the key insight section.

The Key Insight
The key insight is the single piece (or pieces) of information the reader must know to be true in order to
believe the opportunity is real.

Continuing the Made-Up Example:
Let’s expand upon our made-up secret government opportunity from earlier…
“The mysterious man told me about a secret government contract with major chip manufacturers
around the world that would set up a $250 billion industry.”
How can you make the reader believe this is true?
The writer can back this big claim up with proof using “signs” of things to come.
The writing is on the wall so to speak. (Safe/Predictable)
A writer may say something like…
“Even though everyone has been kept hush hush, several prominent chip companies have quietly
enjoyed explosion in their stocks recently.
That’s because the insiders know what’s happening and they’re pouring in money now.”
Again I’m just making all this up.
But because I speak the language of copywriting…
I know what message I must communicate, and it just flows from my fingers.
I just need to tell you that I know one important piece of information that is setting up something big.
Then I write what that might sound like.
My skills have sharpened from binging copywriting.
And now the patterns have become so obvious to me, almost to the point of being dull.
It took me about a year to learn and develop this method.
And now, thanks to this guide, you’ll be able to speak the copywriting language in no time…
And replicate my skill in a matter of weeks.
Real copy example:
Here’s a real example of how we used our key piece of information about “IBM’s announcement” in 70
Cent Crypto:

The reader must understand that IBM is on board with this crypto and that their involvement is what
will cause this whole opportunity to work.
I backed that claim up with examples of old announcements for other cryptos that took place before a
crypto exploded in price.
Another challenge in this promo was convincing the reader that Bitcoin was on its way out, and our coin
was the better coin.
Here’s the key insight we used to prove that point:

The Layman’s Explanation
The Layman’s Explanation addresses the objection: “How does it work?”
But the Layman’s Explanation is only one part of addressing that objection…
More on that in a moment.
Basically, The Layman’s Explanation is where you’ll explain how the opportunity functions…
And do so in a way that two people half-drunk at the bar would be able to explain it to each other.
This is a cousin of the key insight.
Remember the Big 4 emotions when creating The Layman’s Explanation.
So, picture two people hunched over at the bar.
Their faces are red and their eyes are half-closed from drinking too much.
Person 1 says to Person 2, “That’s a bunch of bullshit. You’ll believe anything you read online.”
What Person 2 says in reply IS the Layman’s Explanation section.
If it’s a system you’re selling, the drunkard will reply with something like…
“Nooo. Look, it’s simple. You just follow these three steps and BAM. Success.
Listen, the secret is the “patented technology.” I’ve never seen anything like it.
It’s this new thing scientists discovered that makes the whole thing work.
I thought the same thing you’re thinking now. Until I heard about that “patented technology.”
I’m telling you... This is the real deal.”
If it is our government contract example I just made up above, Person 2’s reply would be something like:
“Nooo. Look, it’s simple.
Ya know how the government spends billions of dollars every year on war?
Well now there’s a NEW sector and it’s WAY cheaper than the old way...
So the government is going all in RIGHT NOW! I’ve never seen anything like it.
They got these computers now that can do 500 times what the old technology did and at a fraction of
the cost!
I thought the same thing you’re thinking now. Until I heard about that new sector.
I’m telling you… This is the real deal.”
Again, I’m totally making all this stuff up on the spot.

I know I must communicate a SIMPLE key piece of information that a person falling over drunk could
communicate to a skeptical friend at the bar.
That’s what I call: “The Layman’s Explanation.”
Here’s how The Money Zone did The Layman’s Explanation:

If you were drunk at the bar with a friend… could you explain this to them?
“This dude has this secret formula… or crazy algorithm…

And it PREDICTS the stock market. I know, it sounds crazy. But it was over 90% accurate!”
Even though the copywriter talks a bunch of “stuff” about the algorithm in the above section, he doesn’t
really tell you how it works…
Just that “it works.”

The Technical Explanation
The Technical Explanation is just the Layman’s Explanation dressed up in a lab coat with glasses.
If it were a system I were selling, I would go into crazy detail about the science behind the “patented
technology.”
So much detail as to fly over the head of the reader.
And that is by design.
For instance, I could present the complicated scientific formula that makes it all work.
This communicates, “I’m smarter than you. Trust me.”
For the made-up government contracts example we have above, I could talk about computer chips in
more detail. I could mention the microns and nanosecond reaction times or something.
Here’s how they did it in The Money Zone:

The copywriter is throwing so much jargon and technical stuff at the reader so they will think to
themselves, “Okay, okay, I don’t understand any of this stuff. I’m not a computer genius. Whatever.”
Even though the reader doesn’t actually want to know or learn this complicated stuff, they want
reassurance the guru DOES know it.
Safe/Predictable.

Wrapping Up The Body Copy
You now know some of the most common elements of the body copy section in a piece of copy.
The stuff you’ve learned is very powerful.
I must confess that I am feeling a desire to invest in one of those government contract chip companies
we made up…
Even though I KNOW logically, that I just made all that stuff up about a new “sector” and government
opportunity
I know, logically, that opportunity doesn’t exist…
But my emotions are not rational. They do not understand logic.
They are reactive, and the words I typed in the make-believe examples are emotionally exciting.
The language of copywriting is communicated purely through subtext.
The language of copywriting isn’t about what is said, it is about what is communicated.
The things REALLY being communicating by a skilled copywriter will bypass the reader’s rational, logical
levels of the brain…
And go directly to pulling their emotional strings.
In learning how to translate that language yourself…
You are learning how to communicate directly to a human being’s emotional and core desires.

Section 4: The Offer
Hooray, we’ve made it to the offer!
It’s all downhill from here… sort of.
Generally, the offer section in long form direct response copy occupies the last twenty to thirty percent
of the text.
It’s very similar to the format of any “free webinar” you might have attended.
You get about 45 minutes of content…
Followed by a 15-minute pitch…
And sometimes, if the webinar host is feeling generous, you get about 30-40 minutes Q&A.
Frankly, it’s no different in copywriting…
Because webinars are based on high performing sales techniques and often scripted by copywriters!

What To Look For In An Offer
A ton of information must be conveyed quickly and directly in an offer…
This is the part of your copy where you will be asking a reader to whip out their credit card, so you want
to make sure they have NO reason not to…
That means being crystal clear with details and instructions for them to follow.
Here are the most common elements that make up the offer section:












Summarize everything discussed so far
Intro report
Intro service
o The unique selling proposition
o How it works / What to expect / What you get
o Pump in some cred
Add bonuses
Share testimonials
Recap
Offer guarantee
Limit the Spots or Quantity
Set a deadline
Ask for sale

These do not have to be presented in a specific order…

But the order I’ve presented above is pretty clean and effective.
Remember to keep the Big 4 top of mind when writing every word of your copy…
Even the offer section.
Because directly stating information about something, is NOT copywriting.
That is educating... That’s a blog post.
If you are telling, you aren’t selling.
So there is an art that comes in conveying your information and instruction….
While continuing to SELL them on the offer section.
The persuasive message must continue to be subtly communicated, while being intertwined with the
information.
Don’t skip over that part…
Because that is “the copywriting part.”
I hope you’re excited to learn how to structure and create a compelling offer in this section.
Once you learn to spot these patterns in the copy, and tease out what a copywriter is really
communicating…
You will be able to write your own offer copy with ease.

A Membership or Subscription Service Is One of the Most Complicated
Offers
The reason membership and subscription offers are so complicated is because the SELLER is usually
selling a subscription…
While the BUYER is usually interested in buying into the “opportunity” or “system” that has been teased
throughout the copy.
As such, the offer section will require an introduction of both the “report” that explains the
opportunity…
And then must also introduce the subscription service itself.
So let’s take my government contract example I made up earlier.
I’ve explained to you there is a huge opportunity to profit off these secret government contracts…
And I’ve put all the details for you in a nice little report.
The report is called, Report X.

Guess what? Report X is free.
Here are the details inside: x… y… and z…
i.e. “Inside you’ll learn: Exactly how to profit, what ticker symbol to invest in, and my sophisticated, full
research.”
The report will reveal everything the reader desperately wants to know that was only teased in the sales
letter.
But the objective of the copywriter is to get a new subscriber…
So they might write something like:
“But in order to receive the free report, you must subscribe to my newsletter or membership service,
‘The ABC Club’ for $49 per year.”
Get it now? I’m actually selling the subscription service.
That just adds a slight wrinkle to information you must convey in the offer.
But it’s no big deal.
You can use a similar setup for anything else you’re selling.
If I’m selling basketball training…
I could write an entire sales letter about, “The one secret to being a better basketball player than Lebron
James.”
I could talk about that one secret the whole time.
I could illustrate how it is New, Safe, Easy, and Big.
Then say, “I’ll give you the secret when you join my basketball training club.”
Until the offer section, the reader may have never known there was a club!
And that’s okay.
It’s up to you what items you select to highlight in your copy...
You may want to test a couple angles and find the best performing one, then ditch the others.
Here’s an example of introducing the report and subscription service from The 70 Cent Crypto.

There’s a lot happening in this example.
Let’s just focus on the report and subscription service.

At the top we introduce the information the reader wants, using a dossier: The $.70 Crypto That Could
Make You Rich in 2018.
At the bottom we introduce the subscription service that will grant you access.
Then we explain that in order to get the dossier, you must join the subscription service:

Working Backwards and Building Your Offer
In just a second we’ll dive full into the elements of an offer section…
You’ll see exactly what information you must tell…
But I want to remind you about the most important aspect about the language of copywriting.
It’s not what you say, it’s what you communicate.
You’ll be happy to know, there are still only 4 main things you’ll want to keep top of mind when writing
an offer:





New/Only
Easy/Anybody
Safe/Predictable
Big/Fast

So when you’re reading an offer by a master copywriter, see if you can recognize examples of them
weaving the Big 4 (and their alter-egos) into the information to make it more exciting.
Okay, I’ve kept you waiting long enough…
Let’s dive into the elements of typical offer copy.

Summarize Everything Discussed Before
In the lesson on body copy, you learned that body copy follows a typical structure of: Objection, Claim,
Proof, Benefit format.
Once one claim is proven and the benefits presented, there is an opportunity for the copywriter to
weave in a quick reminder about the opportunity before moving on and presenting a new claim in the
next section.
That’s why the following part of the offer copy should stick out like a sore thumb…
You’ll notice you are about 70 percent through the copy and it seems like you’re re-reading the lead all
over again.
No new information is being presented…
No new claim is being proven…
At this point your brain will see the pattern: You know you are reaching the offer copy.
In a moment, the writer will present you with the opportunity to “get in” on what he’s been hyping up,
via some product offer or report.
So in order to get you in the state of mind to badly want that thing (usually a report)…
He is going to use the same hype from the lead to get you hype again.
This part will be similar to the lead.
Sometimes instead of presenting claims, the writer will suggest he has fulfilled all their claims from
earlier.
Like this:
“You’ve seen the proof that X Claim is happening…
I’ve shown you the proof about Y Claim.
And now you can get the details in X Report.”
Here’s an excerpt from The 70 Cent Crypto:

Here it is in The Hottest IPO:

Intro Report
See how easily that flowed?
We recapped, rebuilt the hype that caused you to read in the first place, then presented you with an
opportunity to “get in.”
You’ll also notice, we REALLY jack up the urgency as we get closer and closer to the close of the letter.
More on urgency in a moment.
When you see a copywriter intro the report, you’ll notice the copywriter doesn’t give away the specifics
inside.
Instead, they tell you about the information you, the reader, hope to get from inside.
“Once you have this report, it will only take you 5 minutes and 3 clicks of your mouse to get in front of
this life-changing opportunity!”
Notice that in this made-up example, I don’t go into boring details inside the report.
Instead, I stick to my core emotions, the Big 4 Emotions.
This particular line, I highlight how easy, fast, and big this all is.
And the fact that they don’t know the information in my report and I am holding it, triggers New/Only.
Bam. All four hit.
And I didn’t give away anything.
Not only is withholding the details MORE effective…
Divulging the details is INEFFECTIVE and actually HARMFUL.
There’s two reasons for that.
1. Information is not sexy
2. The reader may believe they have this “figured out.”
Point one: Information is not sexy.
The human brain cannot deal with raw data.
Sure, it can solve problems and calculate things…
But it cannot come to an emotional or motivated conclusion based on facts.
It needs a story to guide that motivation. That’s what copywriting is.
So always remember…
Even though the reader wants this information, BADLY even…

Giving it to them will NOT work.
Because it is not scientifically possible to excite them to action with raw data.
If you activate their calculating, analytical part of the brain, even for a moment, that kills all the
momentum you’ve built.
In fact, make sure that you are mostly presenting stories in your body copy too.
Never just use raw data as proof.
As for the second point: the reader cannot be allowed to think they have your secret “figured out.”
The moment they think, “Oh I think I know what this secret is… I can do this on my own…”
Then they are gone.
They’ll either try to do it on their own…
Or they will try and find another version of your secret for cheaper, if they think they know what your
thing is.
You must never allow your opportunity to be categorized as a commodity.
If that happens, it’s over.
On that note: You can keep your report from being “another boring old report” by calling it something
else.
Anything else!
Dossier, Bulletin, Hot Sheet, Guide, Manual.
These are just a few quick examples.
You’ll notice we called the report in The 70 Cent Crypto a “dossier.”
And we called the Pre-IPO Prospectus a “prospectus.”
But I’m not here to tell you what to write.
That would not serve you.
Writing copy is not a “how to.”
Instead, you must binge on copy, translate out the subtext, and then you’ll know what to look for when
you see another writer Intro the Report in their offer section.
After seeing a couple examples, you’ll quickly come up with New, unique names for your own report
with a little bit of thought.
You’ll see ways to weave New, Safe, Easy, and Big into your report tease.
At this point, the copywriter has summarized the exciting stuff…

Introduced their report and teased some key information…
And now they’ll drop a line like:
“I’d like to rush this report to you in the next 5 minutes totally free…
As part of a trial offer for my research service, Service ABC.”
Or…
“As soon as you RSVP your spot in my research service, Service ABC.”

Intro The Service
This is the real offer you want to the reader to take…
A quick note about the “trial offer” line…
“I’d like to rush this report to you in the next 5 minutes totally free…
As part of a trial offer for my research service, Service ABC.”
Usually the words trial offer only appear in front end products, where the price is $49 and they can get
their money back if unsatisfied.
The words “trial offer” doesn’t usually appear in back end offers…
Because back end offers are priced at $2,000 and above…
And you don’t want the customer to buy, steal the information in the report, and then ask for a refund.
So most folks do not offer a “trial offer” for back ends.
Many folks do not offer refunds for back ends at all.
You’ve seen examples of how a writer might introduce the report and then the service…
And you’ll pick up more as you binge copy.
So now what?
Now it’s time to sell the service itself.
The first thing to do…

Explain the Unique Selling Proposition (USP)
The unique selling proposition is what makes your service DIFFERENT.
The USP will trigger New/Only for your reader and your presentation can be pretty straight forward:
“The only service that...” and you say the logical thing that comes to mind.

It may be the only service that uses the special system you’ve been teasing.
Or the only service that does things the special way they do…
Or has the special people involved that are involved.
It just has to be “unique” to be a unique selling proposition.
One thing that is important, and many people get hung up on...
Your USP doesn’t even have to be THAT “unique.”
Sounds like I’m contradicting myself now, huh?
So there are three ways to create a USP.
1. Have something actually unique
2. Label something common as unique
3. Give something “old” a new name

Actually Unique
You can use something truly unique, like a proprietary formula or patented technology or process…

Label Something Common as Unique
Or you can highlight something COMMON about your product that nobody else has highlighted before.
A classic example comes from a company that was having trouble selling fire alarms.
They brought on a copywriter who asked how the alarms were made.
After going over how the alarms were made, the copywriter said, “These connectors are gold plated. We
should sell that.”
The manufacturer said, “all company’s connectors are gold plated.”
The copywriter said, “but nobody is talking about it!”
I got that story from Joseph Sugarman’s Adweek Copywriting Handbook, I believe.

Give Something “Old” A New Name
The South Beach diet failed in its first several iterations because it was named “The modified
carbohydrate diet.”
That was not new and not sexy.
So they called the same old thing something new, “The South Beach Diet” and bam, national success.
One more example…
The iPod was not an original idea.
There were TONS of MP3 players all over the market, made by a zillion manufacturers.
But Steve Jobs in his infinite wisdom decided to market the iPod as “1,000 songs in your pocket.”

All of a sudden, Apple’s MP3 player was super unique and exciting.
It didn’t play songs differently than any other MP3 player, but it sure was the most popular.
It will only take reading a handful of examples before you really spot this trend and quickly come up
with your own ideas.
Another very common way to communicate the USP is to start a sentence with “my mission with Service
XYZ is to…”
Here’s how we did it in The Hottest IPO…

Notice how we make The Altucher Report unique by labeling it the “ONLY place where I’ll personally
update you on emerging new ways to earn more income and grow your wealth…”

Here’s how The Money Zone introduced their service and made it unique:

How it Works / What to Expect / What You Get
The next thing you have to do once you have told the reader why your product is unique, is tell them
what to expect from their experience.
You’ll notice copywriters make it as clear as possible, answering questions like:
What comes with this service or membership?
How often will I receive an email?
What will be in the emails?
Pro Tip: put a graphic of an actual email…
Presented like a sheet of paper with the letter head and text and everything…

That way the reader can see it, and it will help them recognize the format, the branding, and most
importantly…
What to expect!
This is also a great time to include anything else that comes standard with the offer.
That could be special access to an exclusive website, a customer service number, or any other regular
emails they might receive.
Because your competitors will probably be offering similar things, you will want to “dress” your standard
offering “up.”
You’ll see it in the copy while you’re binging.
Call your report something weird.
Call your website something weird.
Instead of just saying, “here’s our customer service phone number,” say something like, “We have a
dedicated team of specialists to support you for this project. Here’s their number.”
No matter where you are in the copy, every element should feel New.
When you are in the offer section, it is really tempting to just say, “this is what you want, here it is…”
and just give them the information.
But you have to fight against that urge.
Even in the offer section, you should make every effort to keep the reader from thinking, “Oh, I’ve seen
this before.”
And while making your offer, remember, specifics are key.
And in the specifics, you want to emphasize how EASY you’ve made everything.
“You’ll receive an email from me every Monday morning when the markets open.
Inside I’ll include commentary about the markets, one trade recommendation, and step by step
instructions to execute that trade if you wish to invest.
Everything you need to get in the trade is right there in the email, and you can be in any of these trades
in mere minutes.
You don’t need a special brokerage account, any old one will do...
You don’t need a specific amount of money, either.
In fact, anybody can follow these simple instructions with just an internet connection and 10 minutes of
time.”
I just made all that up.

As someone who speaks the language of copy, I don’t have to really consult any outside resources or
think hard about this stuff.
I know I just need to make this part sound really EASY.
Because after thousands of hours binging copy… not reading ABOUT copy…
I have seen that all the great copywriters lean heavily on the Easy emotion in this section.
Now that you have learned this part of the offer, you’ll see it too!
As you start to binge great copy on your own, it will only couple examples for you to instantly recognize
creative ways writers make their offer section seem unique and exciting…
Then you’ll be able to write your own with ease.
The Money Zone promo did a terrific job at this:

Pump in Some Cred
There is no specific spot to drop this…
But now is a good time to remind the reader of the guru’s credibility before moving onto bonuses.
Something like a quick look at the track record or appearances on TV will do.
Not testimonials, though.
Weave testimonials in between bonuses or save them for after.
The Money Zone does this right before they go into bonuses:

Add Bonuses
At this point the reader knows what they are getting and how it will work.
And right after that, many great copywriters “spice up” their offer with some cool bonuses.
Bonuses can be anything, really.
Consider bonuses as cherries on top of your big opportunity.
Let’s consider my make-believe government contracts example...
We are offering a big free report for the opportunity.
The report reveals the stock of a computer chip manufacturer that will profit huge from a secret
government contract.

This will give investors a ton of money overnight.
So I could offer a bonus report about another profitable investing sector where the government has big,
profitable contracts.
Or I could offer a bonus report about other investing sectors that will benefit from the computer chips
themselves.
Or I could send them some sort of physical product…
Like a free laptop that contains the very computer chip the company makes!
Generally, you should make your bonuses related to your big opportunity.
In my personal opinion, tacking on random unrelated bonuses subtracts from the strength of your
original offer.
You wouldn’t want to tack a “how to buy gold” bonus at the end of your cryptocurrency letter.
(These two are basically at polar opposite ends of the investing ideology pole)
That’s probably the only rule I would put on bonuses.
You might think, “Why would anybody do that?”
The quick answer is: because it’s easy.
Sometimes people have leftover bonuses or free software they can bundle and throw in with their offer.
So they just bundle a bunch of random stuff and throw it at the reader.
Again, to me, that just cheapens your original pitch. That’s my two cents.
Just try to get creative when you can. There is a lack of creativity in this world.
Keep your eyes peeled for creative bonuses while you’re binging copy.
In Rich Dad’s Retirement Masterclass, we tried to include bonuses that went along with our theme of
safe, predictable income.
We offered a bonus report called - “The Recession Proof Portfolio: Five Assets That NEVER Go Out of
Style.”

Testimonials
The key for good testimonials, is to try and mimic the reader as much as possible in their presentation.
That includes mirroring your target market’s physical features in images, and their economic and life
status where you can.
Even locations where you know your target market might be concentrated.

A quick and easy way to mimic your reader is by using photos, even stock photos will do, of people who
should resemble your ideal reader.
If you are writing mostly for old white men, find some images of old white men to plug in beside the
testimonials.
If you are writing for young female yoga enthusiasts, find some images of young ladies performing yoga.
For all graphics, if you didn’t PAY for them - make sure to only use royalty free images and/or images
labeled for commercial use.
Basically, don’t grab random images off Google. That’s an easy way to get in trouble.
The best testimonials include the most specifics.
Example 1: “This service is great!”
That’s a pretty cool testimonial. But let’s look at one (made up example) with more specifics…
Example 2: “I had $65 to my name. I spent $49 on Guru A’s service. My mom, who I was living with,
thought I was crazy. I memorized everything in Guru A’s book and employed every step in chapters 2-4,
verbatim. Two weeks later I was a millionaire. Thank god for Guru A. They changed my life.”
The more details in the testimonial, the greater chance for the Big 4 to be weaved into them.
From this example above we can see that the opportunity to follow Guru A is Big, Fast, Easy, Safe, and
Anybody could do it.
So if you have testimonials, look at the long ones.
Here’s a great testimonial we used in Rich Dad’s Retirement Masterclass:

Gathering Testimonials
If you don’t have a list of testimonials ready to go, that’s okay too.
First, think of the perfect story you’d want to hear in your testimonial, then ask 3-5 open-ended
questions that guide your reader to tell that story.
If you want them to say something like:
“I made a ton of money thanks to Guru A in just a couple weeks! I invested in stock xyz as soon as they
said to and boom! I made $6,000! I highly recommend Guru A’s service!”
That’s a stellar testimonial
To get a response like that, you might ask these basic, guided questions:





Did you make a lot of money thanks to Guru A?
How much money and how fast did you do it?
How did you do it?
Would you recommend Guru A’s service?

Remember, Safe is our big emotion with testimonials…
So the more specifics you include, the more you talk about how the reader followed the guru’s
instructions and won, the more real and safe the testimonial will feel.
When you are binging copywriting and come to the testimonials section, you can translate the
testimonials into useful questions that you can use yourself.

Recap The Offer So Far
The copywriter will have covered a lot of stuff in their offer by this point.
And the testimonials will have answered the reader’s most pressing questions about whether this could
work for them or not…
Which will make the reader feel Safe.
So they’re excited.
Now it’s time to make this deal feel larger than life.
You can do that quickly with a strong recap section.
Generally, a recap will be a rapid fire, bullet driven list.
Before we talk about what to say, let’s talk about what you’re communicating.
You’re communicating that this offer contains an intense amount of value.
It’s BIG.

An easy way to execute this is with a price anchor.
Before we get to the price anchor, let’s look at some recap sections…
Here’s how we did it for a front end product: The Hottest IPO.
Notice how we bullet out each piece of our offer and tease a little bit of information…

Also take note of how we total up the values at the end and stack images to make the offer seem BIG!
Now take a look at this recap section from The Money Zone, which is a more expensive back end
product.

For the Money Zone sales letter, no price for the product is ever stated in the letter – so they don’t tie
values to pieces of the offer on the sales page.
Okay, let’s talk about a couple ways to set a price anchor.

The Price Anchor
The price anchor is just the psychological starting point for how much an offer is “really worth.”
Like a negotiation, the higher you can drive this number up at the start, the better.
This is really easy to do in a bullet driven recap like we did in The Hottest IPO…
Cover all the things that come standard with the offer.
Give each piece its own bullet with a little bit of detail added.
In as few words as possible, explain what they can expect and how simple it all is…
Cover all the bonuses offered, and tease some of the information inside.
And here’s the little trick: Beside each bullet, assign a value.
“My exclusive Pre-IPO Prospectus…: ($199 Value)”.
When you reach the end of your bullets, you can sum up all of your stuff and say something like, “Wow,
that’s an $8,414 value!”
That creates what is known as a price anchor.
Then you can say, “but you won’t pay anywhere near that today…
In fact, you won’t even pay HALF that.
You can have all this incredible value, $8,414 worth, for just $49.”
Which brings me to…

A word of caution on your price anchor…
You may have gotten the sense that $8,414 for just $49 is a little bit of… well, bullshit.
That’s over a 99% reduction.
Nobody would ever deliver that much value so cheap.
And that’s a common reaction.
Instead of just telling you that earlier, I thought I’d show you first…
There is a rule of thumb for your price anchor.

Try to keep the anchor from going over 20x the actual price.
We broke that rule on The Hottest IPO…
But it will be a lot easier for the reader to accept that your offer of $421 has been reduced down to
$49…
Than an offer worth $8,414 being reduced all the way down to $49.
Then you can reframe this discount and make it BIG, without being ridiculous.
“You can have this $421 value for the low, low rate of $49!
That’s over 80% off the total value!
And just a mere 13 cents a day…
A price that anyone could afford!”
See how I was able to reframe that a couple different times?
As you’ve probably noticed, each of these lessons offers you a new tool to build your copywriting
fluency.
Once you speak the language of copy, and you binge it, it will just make sense to do all these things
naturally!

Comparing Apples to Oranges
Aside from the recap section, another way to offer a price anchor is by comparing apples to oranges.
Think of it like comparing a McDonalds cheeseburger to a T-bone steak.
Here’s a Real Example from The Buyout Millionaires Club promo at Agora Financial:
The only tool that can help you get ahead of big money moves… our backtests showed that this indicator
could have given readers a chance to see gains like the historical examples I’ve shown you already…
Gains like…
$27,000, $42,333 and even an extraordinary $95,833 in a Matter of DAYS
How much would that be worth to you?
Before you answer, consider this…
When I used to run a hedge fund…
We used to charge something called the 2-and-20 fee structure…
Meaning you are charged a 2% management fee…
AND you give the fund 20% of your returns.

Remember how I said the One-Day Bonus Indicator showed it could deliver average returns totaling
$24,829 every 9 days?
That equates to $1,390,424 a year…
With gains like that…
Your fees would easily be over $250,000.
Before talking about how much a subscription to the newsletter will cost ($2,000)…
The copywriters first mention a cost of $250,000 for Wall Street fees.
Apples to oranges.

Offer a Guarantee
When you offer a guarantee, you are simply guaranteeing “results.”
And a guarantee does not mean you must give someone their money back.
A guarantee can offer anything.
Usually, for cheaper front end offers, a money-back guarantee is appropriate.
But for very expensive back end offers, where information is the product, a money back guarantee can
spell disaster.
Because people can buy, download the content, then refund.
But, like I said, you can offer a guarantee without offering someone their money back.
For a financial copywriting back end, you may see a guarantee like this:
“We guarantee the chance to see 10x your money or we’ll work for free.”
Also of note: these words don’t guarantee you “will” make 10x…
They guarantee you the “chance to see 10x your money.”
This way if the reader never invests a dime, but the guru still does his job of selecting 10x stocks, then
the guru doesn’t owe the reader anything further.
Whether the readers invest in the guru’s recommendations or not is their choice.
Next, let’s look at the words: “work for free.”
Generally, the guarantee is backed by a second year of the service for free.
Meaning, if the service doesn’t produce 10x returns in the portfolio, the second year of the service is
free.
The first reaction everyone ALWAYS has to this guarantee is: “Why would I want a free service that
didn’t work?”

That question is tremendously valid… but apparently inconsequential.
Because financial publishers have been running promos with that guarantee for a long, long time with
great success… so… there’s that.
Here’s our guarantee for The 70 Cent Crypto:

Limit the Spots or Quantity (Scarcity)
I wrote this entire book and when I reached this point, I admit, I had a mini panic attack.
Because I thought I might have completely overlooked a critical fifth pillar to copywriting.
And I imagined I would look like a total fool with egg all over my face…
Even after saying again and again, “All you need is these FOUR things.”
That potential “fifth” pillar…
Urgency… and its alter ego Scarcity.

Urgency/Scarcity – The FIFTH Pillar of Copywriting?
Oh my GOD! THERE’S A FIFTH PILLAR NOW!?
Well, luckily, no.

While it is very powerful, I don’t think I would label urgency as fundamental as The Big 4.
You see, when you are reading copy, I encourage you to perform active reading…
And dissect every line and try to understand which of The Big 4 the writer was trying to communicate.
Because if you can decode copywriting through active reading, you can binge.
And if you binge you’ll recognize the patterns for how master copywriters communicate The Big 4.
Then you will be able to automatically recreate those patterns and communicate exactly what you want
with ease.
And when looking at urgency, it doesn’t fit the bill to join The Big 4.
Consider The Big 4 as a healthy, well-balanced, four-course meal…
And urgency is like hot sauce. You splash it in on top.
Without The Big 4, you’ll go hungry.
And without urgency, the meal just isn’t as spicy.
Even with huge portions of just two or three of The Big 4, you’ll survive.
Let’s look at the reverse…
Think how hard a meal of just hot sauce would be to swallow.
That’s your reader’s relationship with urgency.
Little doses of urgency here and there go a long way.
Except in the offer section.
The offer section without urgency would be like a dry chicken wing without any sauce.
Follow me?
Okay, so I think you get it now.
Just remember that urgency is some date or deadline. Some reason to act NOW.
(And as such, I think it is probably best categorized under “Big” instead of given its own pillar)…

Urgency’s Alter Ego is Scarcity
Even though Urgency can’t join The Big 4, it does have an alter-ego.
Urgency’s alter ego is Scarcity.
While a deadline limits the time…
Scarcity takes another step and further limits the opportunity’s QUANTITY.

Urgency says “get in by this date…”
But Scarcity says, “get in by this date… if you still can.”
It signals to the reader… Maybe there will still spots available for you.
Maybe not.
Who knows?
Because Scarcity is sort of a one-trick-pony that triggers a sensation of “exclusion” when coupled with
Urgency, it is more appropriately filed under New’s alter ego, “Only,” than as its own pillar.
Urgency and Scarcity are very powerful when wielded properly.
And while I think you can use them sparingly to great effect, they have a big role to play in the offer
section.
Right before asking for the sale, it’s very common to see the copywriter limit the spots available and the
window of time to get into them.
The Money Zone does it right after the guarantee:

Ask for the Sale

I said “ask for the sale” instead of “close” on purpose.
Here is a subtle nuance of psychology that most folks don’t know about or practice…
When you close, you want to instruct the reader on what to do…
But you don’t want to TELL them what to do.
And therein lies the nuance.
Instead, you present what is called a “Crossroads Close.”

Crossroads Close
The crossroads close positions the reader at a crossroads where he must choose a path.
The crossroads close will usually go like this…
“You now have two choices.
You can choose to join me and make all this money / experience all these incredible benefits… And have
yourself a brand new, incredible life.
Or you can click away and go back to the life you’ve had before reading this. The life you’ve always had.”
When phrased like that, it sure doesn’t seem like much of a choice.
Some folks offer a third choice, “try to figure all this stuff out on your own, with no help… Even though it
took me 10 years to figure it out and I’m a professional.”
But based on everything I’ve seen in psychology papers, it is my opinion that the fewer choices, the
better.
Why water down the contrast of the two original choices?
Anyways, when the reader looks at the original two choices it doesn’t seem like much of a choice at all.
But it still is a choice.
That’s the subtlety of it.
The reader is given the OPTION to be a stubborn ox and say “no…”
Even though it makes no logical sense to do so in the context of a crossroad close.
But a choice is all the reader wants.
Choice = autonomy.
The reader is still the master of their own destiny.
They know that even if they choose themselves into a pit of despair, they did it their way.
Look, nobody likes to be preached at...
Nobody likes to be told they must do something or buy something or else they are an idiot…

Even though many salesmen take the: “you’d have to be an idiot to say no to this. Don’t even think
about saying no, you dummy,” approach.
At the end of the offer section the reader knows they are being sold… Or they should know by now.
They know the Urgency and Scarcity is meant to push them.
And they want the freedom of autonomy.
The freedom to say “No.”
So what does that look like in copy?
Here’s how The Money Zone did it:

You’ll see the writer present the crossroads close.
Then tell the reader the decision is totally theirs.
Of course while reinforcing how obvious the choice is.
Then at this point, the copywriter has done all he can do.
The copywriter will quickly sum up the opportunity, the urgency, the scarcity…
And then leave the reader to their final decision to click or not click.
The pitch is over.
Just the big, colorful button remains.

The P.S. and FAQ
Personally, I love to summarize the promo in a P.S. directly after the sign off.
Sort of like its own abbreviated version of the lead.

Some copywriters like to drop an FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) after the sign off.
The FAQ basically pulls out each individual objection, or the most common ones, and addresses them
directly.
I’m not a fan of FAQs.
For one, it’s more work on the copywriter to re-answer questions that should have already been
addressed in the copy.
Second, there is no flow or conversation control when it comes to an FAQ.
The way FAQs are written, question by question…
Allows the reader to freely jump around the page and scan from one question to the next.
In phone sales they say you need to control the conversation.
An FAQ takes that control away from the copywriter: the seller, who should control the conversation.
There is a natural and even forced breakage of attention from one idea to the next in an FAQ section.
And the inevitable repeating of information the reader has “already seen before.”
What’s the point of writing a coherent, story-driven, sales letter that “shows” instead of “tells…”
Just to make a list that tells after it’s all over?
Sure, the copywriter can weave sales messages into FAQ…
And I know of very successful sales letters with immense FAQ sections (Jim Rickards’ IMPACT System
jumps into mind)…
But personally, I’m not a fan.
Just write compelling copy and the FAQ becomes unnecessary.
You are free to write one if you want…
Completely your choice.

Wrapping Up The Offer Section
The offer section is chock full of important information.
I hope you noticed from the examples I’ve presented…
And the lessons I’ve established early and often in this guide…
That you must remember to keep The Big 4 top of mind in everything you write.
Even though it might seem like your reader “just wants the information…”
Don’t allow yourself to get caught in that trap.

Especially when you’re this close to the end.
Even though I have offered some form of structure for your offer section, keep the elements within
unique.
Remember, categorization = DEATH.
“New and novel” is not just for your headline.
It’s not just for your lead.
It applies to your body copy, and even your offer copy.

Conclusion
You now have the fundamentals to dissect and translate virtually any piece of copywriting or sales
material you come across.
You might be looking at shorter copywriting…
Facebook ads…
Or emails…
Or you may be observing a live webinar that you can’t read…
But these lessons should jump out at you anywhere anything is being sold.
The world should not look the same to you from here on.
Finishing this guide and finally closing it should feel like an awakening.
You can now “see the matrix.”
If the world doesn’t look a little different, this guide did a poor job or you didn’t need it.
You now understand that copywriting is not a “how to…”
It is a language, purely communicated through subtext.
The words do not matter, so much as what is subliminally communicated.
You know:
It’s not what you say, it’s what you communicate.
You know The Big 4 Emotions that must be communicated to stir your reader to action.
You know what to look for in a good headline…
You know about the 4’Us.
You know the purpose and common elements of a lead…
You know how to structure your body copy.
You know the objection, claim, proof, benefit template.
You know what information must be conveyed in an offer...
But to always remember to keep The Big 4 top of mind.
“When you’re telling, you aren’t selling.”
I thank you from the bottom of my heart if you’ve read all the way to this line.
I wanted to create a guide that would help beginners get started on the right foot…

Offer veterans a fresh perspective on their craft…
And hopefully create a unique message and methodology to a craft that has been thoroughly covered
and studied for generations.
I hope you got something out of this guide...
I’m doing that thing where I ramble at the end…
Thanks so much for reading. That’s all I’ve got.
Peace out, copy squad.
-Kyle

P.S. If you want to continue learning from me, make sure you are subscribed to my email list!
Simply visit www.kylethewriter.com/swipe and enter your information!
Also visit www.kylethewriter.com for future products.
Thanks so much!

Quick Reference Guide
The Daily Practice:
1. Read a piece of copy a day
2. Write a page of copy a day
3. Come up with an idea a day

The Big 4 and their alter egos:





New / Only
Easy / Anybody
Safe / Predictable
Big / Fast

The Four Sections of Copy:
1.
2.
3.
4.

The headline
The lead
The body
The offer

The four U’s (For a headline):





Urgent
Unique
Useful
Ultra-Specific

What a lead should accomplish:






Capture attention (Can be done in headline)
Expand upon the headline
Establish credibility
Make a big promise
Open a loop (bribe)

Body Copy Template:





Objection
Claim
Proof
Benefit

What the reader needs to see in the offer:












Summarize everything discussed so far
Intro report
Intro service
o The unique selling proposition
o How it works / What to expect / What you get
o Pump in some cred
Add bonuses
Share testimonials
Recap
Offer guarantee
Limit the Spots or Quantity
Set a deadline
Ask for sale

