All right, welcome to the first loom in the market research process. Uh, what I'm gonna be talking about here is how to get things kicked off, uh, and how to just buckle in for what is going to be a very, very, very exciting process and probably one of the most important things that you're going to do in order to start growing and, and scaling your business. Um, one of the main bottlenecks that I face at the agency, um, just to give you a little context before we jump in, is trying to understand why things were actually working, okay? And trying to understand how to come up with new ideas. I didn't actually get it. Um, the depth of my essentially creative strategy and my ability to create winning ads, and, and when I say my ability, it actually was my team's ability as well, uh, was essentially Twitter, [chuckles] and whatever influencers were posting, whatever hooks were trending that month, and FourPlay. Uh, and FourPlay is an app, and I'll get to that very shortly. We're actually deeper down into the research process of how we now use it. Um, but this research process right here that I'm about to show you, has absolutely transformed the way that we have done business and transformed the way that we've been able to scale our brands and help people actually predictably grow their business. So I know we've talked a lot about psychology, but now in this next phase, I really want you to take this seriously. And there's a lot of people that say they do research, but I can promise you, you have not done research until you go through what I'm about to show you in this process. Now, I do again, need to give full credit, uh, to Nick Thario, uh, for very, very much so helping me, even though that's a common theme throughout this course, uh, but for mer-- very much so, helping me better understand research. And, uh, I'm very excited to kind of walk you through, uh, some of the research processes that I have learned from him and some of the research processes that we've actually created ourselves and some that I've actually learned from others as well. So, uh, with that said, in this first part, before we get into the research, I need you to do some self-research, okay? And that self-research is actually what we typically would collect in, in the, um, in form of an onboarding, okay? Um, but what I want you to do is essentially onboard yourself, okay? And start asking yourself some of these initial questions. Before you do the research, uh, start asking yourself some of these initial questions to better understand how you currently see your business, and by the end of it, kind of compare that to where we're gonna be at after you actually understand the market, okay? So the first thing that you're gonna do is you're gonna open up this document. You're, of course, going to make a copy, and once you make a copy, you will then begin to fill out these questions. Okay, so very first question here, you know, what is your business, uh, differentiator? Okay, how do you stand out from the rest? This is one of the most important things for you to, uh, call out, um, and, and know before jumping into research. Um, number two down here, you know, what are two to three things you wish everyone knew about your product? Uh, what are your best-selling products? Again, if you have multiple, uh, what are your best sellers? Uh, how do you want your brand to be perceived? You can see there's about, about eleven questions here, um, and I want you to go through this and just process this as if you were filling out an onboarding form to work with an agency, okay? And from there, you will then be able to move into the next step here, where I talk about getting ready to do research, and, um, you will be able to get going on this very, very, very exciting process. Um, but it starts with this here, and basically identifying where you're currently at and essentially figuring out w- how you perceive, uh, the brand, uh, before you go into the market, okay? So with that said, please take time to fill this out before getting started in the rest of the research process, and then once you have this filled out, uh, there will be another loom down here that explains where to go from there.