All right, so now comes the next stage of doing a little bit of competitor research on the Facebook ad library. So as you can see, we've got some of our competitors here, and now the best thing that we can do is we can go through and obviously, this is just what the client provides. Make sure we go through, and I've, I've obviously found a few other ones as well. But make sure you go through, and you take a look, and you link all of this to our actual, um,research doc. Okay, so in the hair, in the haircare case here, where are we? We're looking for hairdryers. There it is. There's a supersonic. Okay, and what we're- what we want to do is we want to make sure we link all this, right? So the ad library is something that we're going to link, but here's, you know, here's our main website. Okay? So we can link that there, um, if I can actually link it. There you go. The landing page used in ads, but we actually need the ad library, so we're going to pull this one up too. Okay, so grab the ad library, and we're going to jump into here. Okay, make sure that is linked, and now if you want to make this a little bit cleaner, you can just link this, and sometimes that does work better that way, just a little bit more clean. Um, especially for the ad library, and as you can see, I, I did that wrong because that is not the landing page. [chuckles] That is the ad library, and now the landing page, in regards to finding that, uh, what you're going to do is you're going to go to the actual client or the competitor, scroll down, find the product. Obviously, some of our products advertise or some of our competitors advertise multiple products, right? So supersonic professional, that's the professional one. We're not really going after professionals, so we need to try to find one, we find the right ad. There's right now, if we want to find the landing page, we click the ad. Where does it take us? It actually takes us to this exact page as well, right? So that's what we want to link as for the landing page. Now, obviously, the main website is just going to be dyson.com. Okay, get a look at their homepage. Here's the landing page that is used in their ads, right? Make sure we link that as well. The product price range, this is something that we want to pull. This is just stuff to make sure we take a look at it. So $429 to $479, that's their product price range. Okay, so price range, four hundred to five hundred dollars, right? Um, active offers. One thing that I noticed is they do have a try before you buy, which is obviously very, very, very, um, impressive. So if we go down here, they have Afterpay, they havethat... The case is included, which is fifty-nine ninety-nine worth of value. They have free shipping, two-year warranty, money-back guarantee, and they also have try before you buy, right? So that is just on an offer standpoint, something that you have to take a look at, right? So try before you buy. They have free shipping. They have, what was it, a two-year warranty, uh, money-back guarantee. Huh, that means, uh, [chuckles] lining up there, money-back guarantee. Okay, and this was supposed to be on Facebook ads library, but I think I'm going to keep this one short and just focus on the actual offers and how to keep track of the competition. So, uh, Afterpay is another one as well. Afterpay, so split payments. Okay, and then we can just go through and take any other competitor notes from the landing page. So they obviously style it. They have, you know, see it in action. They have, obviously, a gallery of all the videos. Uh, it's a hairdryer engineered to protect from extreme heat damage with fast drying. So again, that's another thing. We scroll back up to the buzzwords, right? Um, another one for Dyson, if I can find my buzzwords, right? Zero heat damage, fast drying, right? It's being very, very repetitive. Increase smoothness by seventy-five percent, increase shine by a hundred and thirty-two percent, and decrease frizz and flyaways by sixty-one percent. Okay, so you can see that there. Very, very interesting what their claims are, and they have the stats behind it to improve it. They show what is inside the box, the style guides, the attachments in action, the key controls, right? This is a big, big competitor of ours, and as you can see, they look very, very premium and very the part, right? So there's probably a reason why this is on here. So this is something that we definitely need to take into consideration. Uh, you know, obviously, we're focusing on the benefits, but for a product of this level, we need to show everything that is included: the style guides, the styling attachments, the controls, the case that it comes with, the technology, right? Really, really understand that. Some specifications here, okay. Really, really good. There's all the reviews down here as well, and we can start to understand this too, but that is something that we want to look at when we're loading up the competitor section down here, and so we would then do that for every other, you know, product and, and every other competitor that we have. Now, one thing that I want to note is try to keep these competitor notes more, like, objective rather than your thoughts. Like, they look really premium, okay? You can jot that down, but just make sure you're also adding notes in regards to what, what they do really well, um, and, and how they showcase and present themselves. And so that is how we upload competitors.