So I'm probably gonna sneak this back into the review process, because one thing that I wanted to just note here is just bad direct competitor reviews. Okay? So for example, we wanna start trying to look at also people that have tried our product or have kind of bought into the messaging that we're going to be using and failed with some of our direct competitors. What are some of those issues, right? So for example, in tech, you're gonna have product, product control issues. Like sometimes the tech is, it's just gonna be a, a dud, and it's gonna break, right? And so what we can call out in our kind of bad direct competitor reviews, we can just say, you know, Dyson here, um, a lot of tech, just failing, right? And so that's something that we could say where we're very clear with our messaging. Like: "Hey, if you have any problems, we understand." Maybe you don't mention that, hey, tech has-- tech can just be buggy, and it can just bug out, and sometimes there's product control issues. Like, you obviously don't really wanna mention that, but it's like: "Hey, if, if anything happens, if any of it fails, let us know, and we'll send you a brand-new one. No questions asked," right? And obviously, hopefully, the client can do that, but that's something that we wanna look at because what I can see here, a lot of these one-star reviews are just saying, like, "Hey, it didn't work." And it's like, well, why didn't it work? Okay, well, it's because of the tech, right? "So I bought it four weeks ago. I notice the power button doesn't stay up properly and shuts off, ev- if you barely shake the device." It's like, we know that doesn't happen with every single product, right? So it's just a, it was just a faulty product, right? It was just a faulty w- a faulty dryer that they got sent. So as you can see here, though, if they're talking about, like, you know, "Hey, they randomly sent the wrong one. I specifically wanted this one. It's been weeks. I'm waiting to hear," blah, blah, blah. It just seems like there is an issue with customer service, and it's an issue with, um, you know, basically the, the product. And so there are gonna be things that say: "Hey, tried it thirty days. It's already scratched up in very light use. The dryer works fine, but the cord is clunky, which makes it difficult to store in a small space. Really expected more. Okay, if I could rate this less than one star, I would. First, let me say I have had this..." Okay, so just read some of these reviews, and long story short, go through some of the competitors and just take a look at what some of those bad reviews are and try to just find a bit of an edge for us, right? It's like, if anything goes wrong with your product, which seems to be the main issue with Dyson and some of these other luxury brands, it's like, let us know, send you a brand-new one, right? Go read some of the other ones that are super shit as well, and try to understand just what our competitors are doing wrong so that we can take advantage of that, right? So if you have any questions about that, um, hopefully, they can be answered. Sorry, if, if our... not you. If our customers have any questions about that, they can be answered in our marketing as well, for people that are more solution-aware, right? So the people that have maybe, or maybe they've even, they're, they're just fully product-aware, and, like, they've seen ours, they tried another one, they had an issue with it, but we still wanna get-- tell them to try ours. We can kind of basically provide help to those people that didn't see or didn't have a great experience. They're gonna be a lot harder to sell, right? It's kind of like an analogy of, um, someone who's tried Facebook ads with an agency, and it didn't work. They're gonna be skeptical of Facebook ads, right? But just because they worked with a shitty agency or they had a shitty experience, doesn't mean that Facebook ads don't work for them. So we kinda need to break that belief as well, and it's just another one of those things where it's like understanding the beliefs of, of what customers are going through and making sure that we understand what our direct competitors are, are failing at, so that we can take advantage of that as well.