Hey guys, what's up? It's Spencer here from the future. Now, I know this video is gonna stick out a little bit, but, um, before you move into the step two of creative research, and I want you to know that in that video, I'm going to be using a tool called ForePlay, which is what we used to use, okay? And so I'm filming this video as an update to you guys to let you know that not only, number one, have we found a cheaper tool, but number two, we have found a tool that is honestly better and gives you just way more that you can look at, and there's going to be more videos to follow around Atria. Uh, with that said, in the video that is attached below, I'd still watch that video because everything in there fully applies. And basically, rather than me going through ForePlay, I'm just going to be going through, through Atria. Um, or sorry, rather than me going through Atria, I'm going through ForePlay. Uh, but what I want you to know is that for ForePlay, it is forty-nine dollars a month, and that is basically what is, you know, pretty standard. However, for Atria, it is thirty-nine dollars a month. And on top of that, you also get some functionality around actually getting analytics into your ad account, okay? And so for those of you that don't know this, there is another tool called Motion, and there's going to be another module around Atria that shows you guys how to better understand and process learnings on ads. But I want you to know that this tool right here, as soon as you get above twenty-five thousand dollars a month in spend, is very, very expensive. We were talking for them, obviously, on the growth, uh, plan here, as we manage, you know, almost two million dollars a month right now in spend. They were gonna charge us, like, two, three thousand dollars a month, and we are now running that all through Atria for literally two hundred and fifty dollars a month, okay? And that gives us up to three million dollars in monthly ad spend, which is pretty crazy. So I want you guys to know that Atria is by far a way better tool, and, you know, I don't really know why these people charge so much, but they do. Um, obviously, so it gives you everything like you would expect in ForePlay, but then it also gives you the, uh, benefits of Motion. And for those of you that don't know what Motion is, it's a creative reporting platform that gives you insights just like this. It's like Creative Cockpit, if anybody knows that from, you know, Triple Whale, and it's just a way cheaper way to do it. So, uh, with that said, this is Atria. I would highly recommend that if you, uh, enjoy the video below and obviously in the original video as well, you'll probably see me mention Atria, uh, as well as a updated version of that. Um, I want you to know that this is a far better tool. It gives you everything that you need to do, and it's cheaper. So hopefully, you guys appreciate that. And as you can see here, something else that is really cool if you're watching this during BFCM, six hundred and eighty-five ads, uh, for inspiration from Black Friday, and you might even recognize some of these from the YouTube video that I did. So, uh, pretty awesome stuff inside of here. If you, again, have any questions around Atria, their support team is also super great. You can reach out to Ray. He even says, "Hey, if you're moving from ForePlay over to Atria, just email Ray, and, and he can get you, uh, moved over there." So that is that. If you have any questions, again, make sure you, uh, ping the chat if you're in the inner circle or in the full program. Uh, if not, you know, again, their support team is great. All right, hope you guys enjoy.