All right, so the next part of the research here is going to actually be just exclusively inside of ForPlay, and we're gonna be able to get some really, really, really good, uh, not only creative inspo here, but also just get a way better understanding of what's actually working in our niche. Okay? Um, so obviously, this is a pretty simple niche to look up. You know, our, our niche as a whole is just hair. Like, you know, we could type in hairdryers, and I'll be honest, you're really gonna wanna play with the search bar here in the Discovery tab, okay? So make sure when you're in ForPlay, you go to Discovery, and then you just start searching. You could do hair, you could do, you know, healthy hair, you could do hairdryer if you wanted. You could do a lot of different things, hairstyle. Um, just basically do whatever gives you the best and just use your awareness here, okay? Um, but what you will need to do is make sure you add two filters. So filter number one is going to be English, um, because we want to see English ads, and then status is still running, okay? So we want to see s- ads that are still running and are still active in the marketplace right now. That's what makes ForPlay so great. And then what you're gonna do is you're gonna go to sort by, and you're gonna click longest running. And now what that's gonna do is that's gonna bring the best ads up to the top. So for example, I finally found the secret to perfect curls. That has been running for nine hundred and ninety-six days with a brand that is spending a shitload of money. I would probably say that that's a good ad. Here's another one that's been running for nine hundred and ninety-two days. "Struggling with hard water? Try this." Here's one that's been running for eight hundred and eighty-four. Here's one that's been running for eight hundred and eighty-four as well, right? You're able to start to see some of the things that people are doing for your hair. "Protect your color with custom haircare." Like, Prose is fucking killing it, or they're just- they just have money to burn. Um, but again, "Sharing my secret to combat hair thinning." Okay, there's another great headline, right? So the goal with this, as I already have a million ideas kind of going, is to start saving ads that you like. So for me, I'm probably gonna save this ad that has been running for, you know, a thousand days. That's probably a good idea. And then what you can do is, again, you can write down headline inspo, right? I finally found... whatever the desire is, the secret to perfect curls, the secret to drying my hair faster. Or you could just say, insert desire here. Okay? And now that is essentially directly copying competition, okay? But what you can also do is just interpret it, right? So clearly, the message here is perfect curls. So maybe perfect curls is a desire that I don't have, right? What do customers want? They want perfect curls and styled hair, okay? That could be a desire because clearly it is, if it's been running for this long. The video, okay, so that was like a reverse hook, okay? It's like reversing, reversing. Okay, cool. So let's maybe add that as a visual idea. Okay, start ripping this apart. Okay, so we're gonna go in, um, potential reverse effect, effect on the hook. Okay? Beautiful. "My Prose products came in the mail today." Oh, it's an unboxing, "and I'm so excited to try them. This is the pre-shampoo mask." Cool. So it's just more of a raw unboxing style video. There's another one, right? And so again, what we're doing here is we're basically doing imitation research, okay? A lot of the research that we've done now, um, or we've done previously was kind of around like ideation, okay? And maybe some iterations. Um, but now we're doing some imitation. We're seeing what's working. Look at that, right? Interesting, weird hook. Oh, smells nice, apparently. I don't know. She's rubbing it in her hair. Got it. Okay, cool. So there I'm, I'm watching that- hard water. Try this. And so, for example, if I, which can leave your hair dry, dull, damaged. Okay, so something that I might look up is hard water. What is hard water? Hard water is high dissolved in minerals, largely calcium, magnesium. You may have felt the effects of hard water literally last time. Okay, so this is another potential problem that people might have. So again, you just from looking at ForPlay, you're able to start getting a shitload of ideas. So that's another one. Let me go ahead and add this. Again, day-to-day struggles, being exposed to hard water, okay? That's another thing that you could also add under things that customers, uh, oh, do customers not want. I put that in the wrong order. So don't want hard water damage, right? So that's something that we can just see is clearly working, right? Most haircare products don't account for hard water. Prose is the only haircare solution that does, right? Beautiful. Here's another one over here. Over a hundred million plastic bottles end up in the landfills every year. So that's an eco-friendly thing. But with Kitsch shampoo and conditioner bars, you'll never have to worry about waste again. Okay, so more of an eco-friendly approach there, right? Some B-roll that was actually being shown in the beginning. So let's scroll down. I must have addition, sorry, a must-have addition to your, to your beauty, right? So here's something that's very, very interesting that I like. So in this video, it's been running for seven hundred and forty-two days. They're doing a split screen, so they're showing the product, and they're showing someone using the product, and they've also got social proof right on top of that, okay? So that's a great ad inspo that I would one hundred percent be saving, because not only are we leveraging social proof, not only are we having a, an interesting creative style of showing the product and what it is, and then the actual person using it. Very, very interesting. Very, very cool idea, right? And this is the whole process. We're just going down and looking at what is happening in the market, right? Let's get some ideas. Sharing my secret to combating thinning hair. So something that I would notice is that the word secret is apparently doing pretty well. People wanna know the secret sauce, right? Sosharing my secret to combating hair thinning. There we go. Cool. This is literally my hair. Thin, brittle. You can see right through my scalp. Huge fail, right? Let's go ahead and add that as another thing that people don't want. They do not want thin, thin, um, see-through is a very visual one, right? They don't want thin and see-through hair.... Right, and again, this, is this related to hair drying specifically? Maybe not. Look, I was so embarrassed. They don't wanna feel embarrassed, right? No one does, for the most part, but secret is another big thing that I would look at, okay? The secret to whatever. The secret to desire goes here, right? So that's the whole idea of going through Foreplay, and now you're also getting a really, really good vision board built for our creative strategy sessions, right? Find out what the buzz is all about. Old, crusty razors. Okay, I'm still scrolling. Let's see if we can find one more. Results guaranteed or your money back. You know, style your halo out of your hair. Very interesting stuff, right? Before and after, very simple. Here's another one. Seventeen seconds, power gummies, three hundred and forty-three days. Attractive girl. You'll notice most of these people are attractive people, right? That's what they kinda wanna be. Um, cool! Can my thinning hair be helped? Why is my hair thinning? Great one there, right? Apparently, this company is just absolutely abusing this fear, right? Can my thinning hair be helped? Take the hair test, right? Very, very, very interesting stuff. Here's that client with Sutera Sleep, okay? Three hundred days, these ads have been running. Really great stuff. So with that said, that should give you a better idea of what is working, what is not. Um, shop volume. What's this one? You've been color matched. Your perfect match is waiting. I don't know. I think that's maybe a dating app. [chuckles] Anyway, you guys get the idea. See the difference in just one wash. This is another great inspo. I'm gonna save this one as well. There's the last one that I'm looking for, right? So here we go, life in. Hey, bad. Why I switched from generic to personalized haircare, right? Here we go. Here's another headline idea. Why I switched from cheap hairdryers tohyphen, or a more expensive one, okay? There we go. There's the reverse effect again, customized haircare. I was tired of countless products, reveals personalized haircare. Cool. Really awesome, right? So that's the whole idea of using Foreplay. Incredible tool you can scroll through, and that was just hair, right? So play around with the search filter. Make sure you've got the filters to be Englished, still active, and longest running, sort by longest running, uh, applied, and, uh, that is how you do your Foreplay research.