All right, so now the final process here is going to be, uh, doing a little bit of research on TikTok, and so I'm scrolling back down here to find the, uh, desires, um, the customer wants and what they don't want. And, uh, what you're going to do is just search that up on TikTok, and very, very simple. Look for the ones that are getting a lot of engagement. So this has eighteen and a half million views, right? And it says haircare routine. So this idea of a routine, I guess people are resonating with, right? Um, see what she's doing, see what it is. This seems about video. Well, yeah, so POV, it's a hair wash day, right? ASMR. We know that ASMR typically does well, right? So what we want to look at here is not only the video, but also the comments and the creator. So one thing that you need to do is go and check out the creator, okay? So obviously, is this someone that's doing a lot of haircare stuff? Is it someone that's just doing a lot of ASMR stuff or well-being? No, this just looks like overall well-being and, and living. Okay, cool. So is this someone that we would probably store in our, you know, in our growth guide, in our creator section? Probably not. Um, but someone like Brad Mondo, we definitely should. And so, for example, if you come across a profile when you're doing your research, make sure you're just analyzing it and looking at the comments as well, right? So perfection. Thank you for, for sharing. My hair wash day is literally every day. Um, should not just put straight up oil on her scalple. So you can see people are just, like, memeing her, so maybe that's the reason why it did so well. Um, but what you can do with this as well, I'm not sure why it is not populating. Um, but you can also just grab this link. Usually, it should say, "Add to Foreplay," but it's not. Um, but I- you find a video that you like, you also want to add this to Foreplay. So if it's not working, then just make sure you have Foreplay open, and then you can obviously go to the client's board. I'll go ahead and pause it for this. So yeah, you're just going to go to Create New, uh, Save New Ad, and then should be able to do Add Link and make sure you select Life In as or whatever the client is, and then this is going to be the URL. I don't know why that didn't work. Let me try that again. It only works with Facebook Ads Library. So I'm not sure why I can't save this. I definitely should be able to do... Maybe it's because I'm not logged into TikTok, so you might need to log into TikTok. Or the other thing that I'm wondering is if, yeah, so, so yeah, you can only do it on the For You page, which seems a little odd. Um, but either way, just if you can save it to Foreplay, try your best. If not, obviously, what you can do is just save the link and just add it to, uh, some of the videos here that I've been adding like that. But the whole goal of this is to come in and just look up, you know, those, those desires, right? So hair drying, okay, see what people are creating. Hair blowout tutorial, right? How you should be blow-drying your hair. I want to teach you how to blow-dry your hair. Okay, how to blow-dry like a pro. Five-minute blowout tutorial. So you can see a lot of these ads that are getting a ton of engagement is all about tutorials, right? Blow-dry roadmap. Okay, it's showing how to do it. You can see his hair is actually all kind of crazy as well, which is interesting. So take that into mind, right? Go back to your research doc and start laying out some of those ideas. Try this hair drying hack. This is the third time I'm filming this, by the way. Um, but people say they're jealous of my hair. Tutorial-style content seems to resonate well. Just jot those ideas down, right? Go through and take a look, and if you find any creators that are hair creators, so say, for example, let's check out this girl here. Um, she seems like she does a lot of haircare routines, so this could be a good creator to add. And so what we would do is we would go to our growth guide, and she has a following of about, you know, five hundred K, so five hundred K, and her name is Abigail Lynn, and we're going to throw her TikTok here. And if you want to start searching for her other profiles, you also can. So go to YouTube, search her up, go to Instagram, search her up. That's always a great thing to do as well, because since we're advertising on Instagram, you know, take a look at it. Abigail Lynn. I don't know if she's going to come up. Maybe she will. It seems like there's a lot of them. Maybe I got lucky here. Yeah, no, probably not. But if you can find their Instagram or if you just check their link tree, there you go. Spencer is learning how to use TikTok. Uh, this is another thing that you can do. Life and hair dryer. Look at that. She's actually already an ambassador for the Life In. [chuckles] So product research success, uh, finding our avatars to a T. Um, but with that said, basically what you want to do is take a look at some of these creators and see what they're doing, and then, most importantly, go read the comments, right? Comments are king. Is hair drying won't damage your hair? Please give all your hair products you use. The way your hairdryer is so straight, I wish I had thin hair. Thank you, this helped. What's your cut hair? Okay, you can see what the mass majority are saying and what they're commenting on, right? So that's what we want to really, really dive into. Okay, so this one, twenty million views, okay? How to do a blowout on short hair. So blowout seems to be, like, one of the main things that people are talking about, okay? I need your haircare routine now. Healthiest hair ever, right? Here's my haircare routine for the healthiest hair ever. There's another ad idea, right? Scroll through, read all this stuff. My five strands of hair say otherwise, right? Here's how to make drying your hair look easy, okay? So read these comments, understand them. You should- I don't know why we can't, you know, save them to... Maybe if we actually clicked her profile, you'd be able to find it. But long story short, that's the whole point of TikTok research is you start looking up the desires, and you start looking up the wants or just the general terms of your niche, right? So thin and damaged hair, you know, thin hair, whatever. How to stop frizz is another thing that you can look up, okay? See what people are saying. How to manage frizzy hair. A lot of green screens here. Stop doing this if your hair is frizzy, 1.2 million views. How to eliminate frizzy hair overnight. There's a great hook as well, right? How to eliminate, add a time to it. How to eliminate frizzy hair overnight. So we can talk about another ad idea, how to eliminate frizzy hair, okay? So that's the whole point of TikTok research. Ideally, we can add it to Foreplay as well, but you want to see the kind of content that is doing well, right? Here's a great example of a high-quality video that is clearly doing well. Half of her hair is styled, half of it is not, and the guy's just talking about it, right? One-minute transformation. Here's the product that he used, right? Take this as inspiration. I just bought this. I promise to come back and tell y'all the honest to God truth, right? There's another great comment that you can, again, dive deeper into. So that's everything in regards to how you do your last final bit of research. So if you find a haircare creator, here's another great one as well. If you find a haircare, um, or some kind of creator in your niche, doesn't have to be haircare, 'cause obviously, this is going to apply to all of our, all of our other clients. Make sure you go and add them to the creator list, and make sure you go and find their other profiles as well. If it's possible, I used to be able to save it to Foreplay, but for some reason I can't. Usually, it would pop up here. Ah, there it is! It's down there, so looks like I found it. So Life In, I don't know why TikTok wants me to sign in. I don't have a TikTok account, so leave me alone. Save to Foreplay, right? And now it should be saved, and it should be in our Foreplay board as well. So we got, we got there in the end, but that is everything for TikTok research and how you can search to, uh, find just what kind of TikTok is doing well in the space, what kind of content your potential customers are, uh, watching, and how you can resonate with them as well.