... All right, so when it comes to the media buying audit process, you'll notice that if you scroll past all of this information down here, that there is going to be a media buyer creative audit. Uh, so what you are going to do is simply go into the selected client account. So as you can see, this is an account that we've actually just brought on. So we're gonna be, uh, doing a, uh, practice audit here, just so you can see how this is done. And, uh, what you're going to be doing is going through and looking at the top prospecting campaigns, the top retargeting campaigns for each thirty-day period. And then what you're simply going to do is link the ads for that, uh, inside of this sheet. You're going to do the same thing for the next six months. So prospecting over the last six months, which ones have done the best? Retargeting over the last six months, which ones have done the best? And then the final part here is diving deeper into the top performers. So look at the videos that have the highest hook rates. I will show you how to create this as well. Uh, look at which videos have the best hold or CTRs, that tell us which one is, you know, getting the most engagement. And then also going to look at top performers, uh, from EZA. So this is part of, uh, teaming up with a strategist to make sure that we know in our accounts which ads are top performing, so that way, we have an idea of some directions to go. Uh, but this is going to be important. So, uh, let's go ahead and dive into step number one, which is the top prospecting creatives from the last thirty days. And so just adding a note here, that top creatives are basically categorized in this section by highest spend. So I'll make a note here that this says highest spend and lowest CPA, or, you know, best, you know, ROAS. This is essentially what we are looking at in this scenario. So let's go ahead and jump into the first part here. Uh, taking a look at this campaign over the last thirty days, uh, go ahead and obviously just set this wherever you want. Ad delivery, impression, zero. And let's just take a look at which ones were the top spenders. And now this is going to obviously probably take you a bit of time to go through, depending on the account, uh, depending on how bad the previous agency was or how good the previous agency was. You're gonna wanna take a look at, again, just filtering by spend, which ones were getting this-- the most spend, which ones were getting the most purchases. So down over here, we can see that there was two ads inside of here. Again, this structure is just shocking, and you can obviously see that this is the same ad. Uh, so, [chuckles] uh, just always make sure you double-check them as well. So if we preview this, we can see the big day, where big shots come naturally, and we can take a look at this one, and it's the exact same ad, but it doesn't look like they're using post IDs. So, uh, for example, this could be one of them, if we're just looking at top spenders. This is one of the top-spending campaigns, and that we can see that these here are the top performing and the top spending. And if we take a look, this is, again, the same creative. No idea what this agency is doing. Uh, but then you can obviously go ahead and take a look and grab this ad. So what you're gonna do is essentially click Edit on this ad. You're gonna click the Share button. You're gonna grab the Share link, and so what I like to do is just right-click on this, if I can, and, uh, or click on that and click Copy. And you're gonna copy this, and then obviously go back to... My camera always wants to come on whenever I'm in Facebook. Uh, go back to prospecting, uh, campaigns over the last thirty days, and just go ahead and obviously paste that in, and then you would go back and do the exact same thing. Now, obviously, it's important as well to double-check, um, that this is a prospecting campaign. So as we can see, yes, this is broad, this is wide-open targeting, this is not retargeting, so that's great. So that gives us the confirmation of one of the top spenders. We can also take a look. This looks like a advantage shopping campaign, and so again, this looks like it's another top performer in this count based on spend. And this ad here looks like it's also doing a pretty decent job as well. Uh, so for example, this is another ad that we can pull simply by clicking Edit, going inside of here, and grabbing this link. And so this would be a additional ad that we would put into the prospecting campaign here. And again, you're just gonna rinse and repeat this cycle for all of the top ads based on highest spend and lowest CPA inside the account on the prospecting level. For example, if you are going to the account and you don't see any retargeting campaigns, then obviously just note that there is no retargeting ads kind of set up. Now, this, again, is gonna take some time to go through. As you can see, this agency was an absolute disaster. Um, but for example, here's one here that was a hundred and eighty-day page view it looks like, but again, no data on that. Um, doesn't really look like there was really any retargeting done over the last thirty days for this account, so, uh, just take that as a note and what I would recommend doing as well. For example, if there is no retargeting campaigns, just make a note and say, "No clear, uh, retargeting ads over the last thirty days." Um, one thing that you can do as well is take a look at frequency. Um, so you can go ahead, and I'm just gonna actually bump this down here, so we can have a proper numbering system. Let's go ahead and get that done. There we go. So for example, no clear targeting ads over the last thirty days. Um, but what you could say is, like, "Here are the ones, uh, with the highest, you know, frequency." Okay? So that's something that you can go through if you can't see any clear retargeting. And obviously, we're just going to the account, and you can sort by frequency as well, right? Which ones have the highest frequency? Well, this one down here or this one up here now, uh, had a two point seven seven frequency, so this looks like more of a retargeting ad, but these guys are spending a dollar a day, uh, which is absolutely shocking. So for example, if this is a different ad, for example, it looks like it is, that was actually for some reason doing really well, uh, we can go ahead, and we can, we can grab this creative as well. Okay, so for example, let's go in, share a link, let's grab this, and of course, we would just paste that in. So there you go, and obviously, that I just-... could have known that was retargeting. Um, but yeah, the way that that account is, [chuckles] is just a disaster. Um, with that said, you're then gonna go ahead and go back to the account and do the same thing for the last six months. So obviously, make sure you go in the account, set to the six months, and do the exact same thing. Again, this is going to take some time. Make sure you analyze it, make sure you do it properly, and you pay attention to detail to ensure that you've got the clear winning ads. And then the final thing down here is just make sure that you have hook and hold rates set up. Um, so if you go into the ad account, you should obviously customize your columns, so you can see the top-performing ads. Um, but, of course, you can go ahead and, uh, cl- customize columns down here, and you should be able to see that there is obviously video hold created and video hook already created as well. Um, another cool metric to look at as well is just average play time, so that's something that you wanna look at. Make sure you have your CTRs set as well. I'm gonna go ahead and just obviously name this, so it stays in the account, which is probably a good thing to do. Um, and then, of course, you can take a look, all right, well, which videos, you know, have the top hook rates? This one over here looks like it's got a fifty-five percent hook rate. This is great. Again, if we wanna filter by spend here, this will just give us the most amount of data as well, based on what is being spent. Uh, so we can take a look at some of the top perf... You know, based on spend, uh, which ones are holding the best, which ones are hooking the best. So it looks like these, this ad up here is actually doing the best. So if we take a look, some of these over here, uh, again, make sure you go back and filter based on spend. Uh, we can see some of the, uh, top-performing hook rates. So again, these are all the same creatives 'cause this agency was a little bit shocking. Uh, so if it's the same one, right, go ahead and just obviously copy that and throw that into the sheet. Um, and do the same thing for CTRs. As you can see, CTRs are, are really, really good here, so same, same kind of idea with that. Um, and just go ahead and finish the rest of this process in order to figuring out which ads are doing the best, so we can communicate that with the team and know which ads to set up in our structure for our, uh, optimized, uh, acquisition campaign that we're going to launch. We need to make sure that we have previous winners in there, um, prior to obviously launching our DCT, so we can work on pulling spend from the ones that were getting spent in the account and, uh, be off to a good start. All right, that is it. If you have any other questions, make sure you contact either the senior media buyer or senior strategist for this, um, but this should be very straightforward. This is very, very important to make sure that we know which ads are top-performing in the account, so that way, we can get them into our acquisition campaign and have a champions ad set set up with ads for us to come in and focus on beating. All right, that is all.