... Now, as, as part of this process as well, the next thing that we wanna jump into is just looking at some of these other solutions for the main desires and, and diving a little bit deeper into them as well, right? So, um, just kind of noting these down throughout your research, but Foreplay is going to help with a lot of that as well, and a lot of your YouTube research is gonna help with that too. Um, so you just kinda wanna look at some of those other desires. So for example, that towel drying wrap, um, that dries hair without a dryer, like the, the microfiber one, it's like it still takes too long, right? It's like you've got this special towel that is supposed to help you dry your hair the healthier way, but it still takes two hours. You have to have a shower, you have to wait-- you know, you're trying to be out of the house at nine a.m., you gotta wake up at five a.m. if you wanna, you know, wash your hair, right? Or you gotta wash it the night before, whatever it is. So understanding that. Um, different hair drying techniques, that's something where, uh, again, I was like, "Okay, well, what are some of these, like, weird techniques that people do?" Um, obviously, this was a video that I was just currently watching and looking at, um, and seeing that there's, like, volume foam, um, that people use, and there's different, like, straight dries versus [chuckles] again, hair, haircare expert now. Um, basically just trying to understand like, hey, like for example, I have an ad idea of like, what if we had this person doing some, like, really weird shit where it's like they're drying their hair upside down or like, you know, maybe they're, they're, they're drying their hair, like, they have to pulse it every, like, two seconds. Like, they're just doing weird shit, right? And honestly, if you wanna make that ad work really well, then you're gonna wanna do more research into hair drying techniques, right? Like, what are some... Like, that would be something for me, where if I was like, "Okay, well how do-- what are some better techniques for me to dry my hair to stop me from frizzing it?" And people are talking about all these weird fucking styles like, "Oh, you gotta clip this in there." You know, maybe do a video of a girl that's got, like, eight clips in her hair, and she's doing, like, one thread at a time or something like that, right? Like, there's an ad idea, right? And that's just something that's an ideation. I didn't really get that from anything other than just the research, right? And understanding the day-to-day struggle. So that would be something that we write up here as well. And then, for example, like, if you like a certain idea, feel free to bold it. Like, for me, this idea of, you know, weird and wacky hair drying techniques, 'cause for example, he talks about in the beginning, like, oh, you're gonna need, you're gonna need a brush, and you're gonna need clips and alligator clips and all this different kind of stuff. And although you might do and for example, there's the volume foam, right? So what we could do is we could take this, and the thing is, is people are doing this and still having problems, right? So you could essentially take this and be like, "Hey, you've got some girl with a bunch of foam in her hair. She's got clips all over the place, and then she's just holding that one strand of hair, trying, like, so hard just to blow-dry it." And it's like, you know, trying everything to dry your hair faster or trying everything to avoid heat damage, you know. You know, that's kind of the understanding that we wanna have. So that's, again, an ad idea that can come out. Um, and in regards to bas- basically just understanding what they're currently doing, that's gonna resonate with a lot of people, right? Again, when we're looking at these people with big followers that are making content of trying to help and solve that problem, we're able to write all of that down. So volume foam, rosemary oils, and essential oils, and expensive shampoos and conditioners, right? So it's like that's something where, again, you spend all this money on expensive shampoos and, and conditioners, right? But then you use a, a, a twenty-dollar blow dryer, like, that doesn't make any sense. So that's another ad idea that can, that you can come up with, right? And again, the reason why you're able to get all these ideas flowing is because you're doing the research and you're starting to see the flaws of it, right? For example, right, that just helps, like, kind of emphasize the point even more. It's like rather than saying, "Stop using cheap hair dryers," it's like, educate the person and resonate with them. It's like, you spend all this money on expensive shampoo and hair care products and all this shit, and yet you have a f- like, you know, a twenty-dollar hairdryer or a fifty-dollar hairdryer. Like, what's the point? Like, you're sup- you want better hair, you want shiny hair, so it's like, get a fucking real hairdryer, right? Here's Laifen. Um, so really just kind of digging into that and again, understanding them better, understand what they're doing in all these other areas and all these other solutions that are out there, and either work with them or call them out, right? So that's basically the whole point of this video, is talking about other solutions for the main desires to either help you with creating ads or to call out how flawed they are. Okay, so that just a, just a quick little video on that. Again, all these videos are supposed to be quick, but they get too long. But hopefully, this is all making sense, and you can see where a lot of these ad ideas are coming from. And if you're curious about, like, "Hey, what are expensive shampoos and conditioners?" That's another thing that you can look up, right? So it's like best shampoo and conditioners for shiny, silky hair. There we go. Let's take it up. Let's see what they're looking at, right? Top three best budget haircare products. You know how to get glossy hair. Here's my tips. Right, get shiny hair. Is this the best hair mask for super shiny and glossy? So hair mask, there's another thing, right? There's another solution that people are trying. Hair mask, right? Maybe we start doing a little bit more research on hair mask. If you want to, go to Foreplay. Let's look up a hair mask and see what comes up. 

Pros still come in. Ah, still looks like a lot of this stuff, but that could just be something where you look up as well. Okay, well, now [chuckles] I wanna look up a hair mask, okay? There's a guide to hair mask, right? Here's DIY hair mask. Hair routine, she probably talks about top six hair mask, right? For damage and breakage. There you go. So that's a solution as well. There's another funny ad idea with someone with just, like, crazy shit in their hair. It's like, "Stop doing this and just get a real hairdryer." So that's the point of understanding other solutions for the main desires. What are, what are people trying? What are they doing? What are some of the, the weird and wacky things? What are some of the most common things? And start to use that and leverage that in our marketing messages.