... All right, so now we are back, and, uh, we are just in the process now of wanting to clean up this entire sheet a little bit, okay? Um, so for right now, just going to most likely clean up the sheet itself, okay? Um, and not so much on moving things over. I know, uh, we discussed doing a few different things, but more importantly, I just want this data cleaned up a little bit, right, and filled out. So who's the potential customer right now? We might have a few of these. Who's the potential customer after our product? Again, we have a few of those as well. Um, just wanna make sure we go through and we clean this up and make sure we polish it. Um, same thing with the competitor notes. We definitely should have, uh, quite a bit of notes on here. We should have the product price range on here as well, and then obviously, for the media buyers, make sure that the creative audit is done. My goal here right now, um, and what I'm gonna do for the next, uh, few, probably ten, fifteen minutes here, is just clean everything up. Um, add in some, some areas here if you feel like maybe there's more. So for example, like, if there's another section that's not on here, um, you can just copy this and of course, just add it in. So let's just say rather than, um... Well, that looks like a- actually already looks like a duplicate. [chuckles] Rather than, uh, potential competitive, uh, competitive advantages and claims, we could say, you know, potential competitive, you know, disadvantages, right? Say we want to just call out what our disadvantages are, um, that can be something that we also write. So if you have, like, your own little category that's not on here, um, feel free to obviously add that and, uh, kind of make it your own. The whole goal is that we just have in- information somewhat organized, so that way, uh, when we go to fill out the, uh, creative roadmap and the, um, persona avatar, uh, section of the sheet, the desires and all that kind of stuff, um, we will be able to have it organized nice and neatly and be able to get to all of our information very quickly. So I'm gonna go ahead and clean up this sheet now, and then I will see you in the next part of the video.