... All right, so we're getting back into the research side of things. Uh, this is a tool called Answer The Public, and what this actually is, is just a tool that shows you some indications around specific words. Okay, so why, are, can, what, when, where, which, how? Actually, I think how is not in here, but, um, anyways, this is going to help you better understand kind of just what is going on and what people are saying around your niche. So, for example, I'm looking this up for a specific pickleball paddle. Okay, so you can see down here there's a bunch of different searches. Uh, there's numbers down here as well. There's related down here. So you can see three, one, eight, five related to pickleball paddle, and you can see best pickleball paddle, best pickleball paddle twenty twenty-four. You can see, like, what a lot of people are essentially searching for, okay? With that said, what makes Answer The Public so great is the fact that you can get key indicators here around things that are obviously being searched by people who are in the product-aware market, okay? Uh, so if we just go to Answer The Public, uh, this is just a free account, by the way. If you go into here, you can see that there is pricing. Uh, so if we go into pricing, you can get individual, which is one user, a hundred searches per day. Uh, you can then organize it with tags, and it's eleven bucks a month, so it's pretty cheap. Uh, if you want Pro, you can have multiple users, and you get unlimited searches. If you want expert, this is just, I guess, more for like SEO and for Google Ads specifically. But with that said, um, it looks like they actually, uh, have something here for lifetime. Let me go ahead and confirm this. So yeah, I guess for the next hour, which is, you know, it's probably not gonna be an hour, you can go to lifetime, and you can actually just get access to this for life for a hundred and twenty bucks. So I mean, that's pretty sick if you want it. Uh, getting lifetime access is, is pretty sweet. So that is how you can go and get a subscription if you want. But honestly, if you're on a free account, you just sign up with email, and I believe you get three searches a day. So you're using the free version of Answer The Public. Three out of three, uh, free searches are available for today, which is great. So, uh, what's cool about this as well is you can also download this to a CSV, and you might see that later in the AI program. Um, but if we just go up, up here and look up pickleball paddle, right? And we put this to the United States, and we go English, and we scroll down here, you can see it's going to show us some things here. So there's the why section here, and the why section I think is really solid because it actually gives you an idea of, like, what people are looking at. Now, you kinda have to turn your head to read this stuff, which is a little bit annoying, which is obviously why you can download it as a CSV, and you can also just click this here as well and kind of see what comes up, which is kinda cool. Um, but this is where for people that are struggling to research stuff or whatever it is, you can get ideas from this. But why edgeless pickleball paddles? So I don't even know what an ed- edgeless pickleball paddle is, but I guess that's something that people have questions around, right? Uh, the next one in here is why hole in pickleball paddle, right? People don't know why there's a hole, and right here is why weight a pick- or why weight a pickleball paddle. I'm guessing, like, how they're wanting to know, like, the specific weight. So these are three things that people are clearly asking, like, why do certain pickleball paddles have these things? And so this can help you with building advertorials, it can help you with building product-aware ads, and it can help you understand the questions or the potential objections that people actually have around specific pickleball paddles. Next one here is, are pickleball paddle, uh, erasers worth it? I have no idea what a pickleball paddle eraser is, so I probably have to go and look that up. And again, this can give you an edge or an opportunity here as well that says, like, your product or your pickleball paddle, maybe if it does this, doesn't need erasers or whatever erasers do. Again, I don't, I don't know much about this. I'm just kind of using this as an example. Next one here is, are pickleball, uh, and paddle tennis the same? So this is something that clearly people also have a question about. Uh, are pickleball and paddle the same? So people are thinking maybe paddle ball and pickleball are the same thing. That's something that you can go and look up and see what happens. Uh, what are pickleball paddles made of? Can pickleball paddles get wet? Can you take pickleball paddles on a plane? That's super interesting. Um, and then we get into the what section in here is like, what pickleball paddles do the pros use the most? Uh, this is all about pros, it looks like. And here's another big one here, which is, what pickleball, uh, or what pickleball paddle is best for spin? And what you'll notice here is that, uh, basically, the darker orange means highly searched and lighter orange means lowest searched. So if we take a look at this, you can see it goes from lighter to darker. So if you take a look at this here, you can see why edgeless pickleball paddle. That is one of the top things compared to what, uh, what weight a pickleball paddle. Uh, and then down here, we have, which pickleball paddle is best for me? This one, when to regrip a pickleball paddle, which is interesting. Up here, what pickleball paddle should I buy? Um, can pickleball paddle get wet? That's also something that's pretty interesting. Maybe yours is waterproof. That seems to be something that is being searched a lot. Okay, uh, and then again, if you upgrade to Pro, you can see all of the specific keywords. I'm pretty sure if you click See More, it's gonna say to, uh, you know, start the free trial or whatnot. So again, if you want to upgrade, you totally can. It's a hundred and twenty bucks. Um, and then inside of here as well, there's also some, um, uh, another wheel over here, uh, that just shows, you know, different things like without, for, is, near, to, and with, right? So if we look, pickleball paddle with holes seems to be another common theme that is coming up. Uh, pickleball paddle without rim, right? This one is pickleball paddle for beginners. Looks like that's a pretty common one. Three hundred and ninety there as well. If we scroll down here, there's also specific comparisons. Um, and again, it's just a really helpful tool to kind of, like, better understand what's going on. Uh, there's also alphabeticals down here, like I mentioned, and numbers and whatnot as well.... Um, but with that said, you can also, that is just on Google. Uh, you can also go to, for example, something like YouTube, and I'll let this load. So for example, here, here is now the YouTube search, so you can see what people are searching up on YouTube. So if you want to use this to also then help your res-- your YouTube research, again, you can click this, and it will actually take you directly to YouTube, which is amazing, okay? Um, so that is something that you can go through as well. Um, another thing that is actually super helpful here, too, is if you go to this website over here called Answers by Socrates. Another thing that you can do, this is, this one's completely free as well. Uh, you could just look up pickleball, um, and go United States, English, and click Search. Same thing, it has three free searches. It's gonna make me sign up here, so let me do this super quick. What's cool about this is it will also then give you a bunch of questions, right? So now you can see all of the different types of questions that people are asking here as well. So are pickleball and tennis shoes the same? So you can see there is a lot of comparison to tennis, right? And so now this is something that, okay, well, maybe we need to go after this avatar that is playing tennis and hasn't started playing pickleball yet, right? There's insights there for you there. Can I... and then play pickleball on a tennis court? Can I play pickleball while pregnant? Really interesting, right? Um, can pickleball be played with two players? Can pickleball, uh, be played one v. one? Can pickleball be played as singles? How do pickleball rankings work? How does pickleball scoring work? Should I play pickleball? Should I play pickleball or tennis? Should I take pickleball lessons? Again, there's a lot of really good things in here. What pickleball paddle should I buy? Is obviously the biggest one. Uh, when pickleball was invented, where, where is, where are, which, who, why, and, uh, will. Right? So this is something that you could take a look at as well. There's a bunch of questions. Again, I'm obviously just skimming through this, but this is another tool that is pretty helpful to also just seeing a bunch of things, very similar to Answer The Public, just in a little bit more of like a digestible feedback. Uh, with that said, again, you can go through this, and something that's cool as well is they also have an Amazon and an Instagram tool, too. So if we go ahead and click Search here and let this load. So here is the Instagram one, where you can see basically a bunch of different hashtags as well. Again, the free trial will kind of give you some stuff, but this is for people that are searching on Instagram. I would say the Amazon one is definitely better. So again, if we search Amazon, it's also then going to give us information that people are searching on Amazon, which is very direct, right? Because these are people that are clearly looking for things on Amazon, right? So how to choose a pickleball paddle. So this could be a great VSL for you of, like, how to choose the right pickleball paddle, right? It's like, "Here's how to choose the right pickleball paddle." You can already hear the AI voice that's going. But something like that is going to, again, help you make better ads. Okay, what materials? How do they different? All these types of different things. And again, these are from Amazon, and Amazon is very, very direct, right? Pickle bottle, pickleball paddle without edge, pickleball paddle for women. There's another one, right? This one was made specifically for women. It's lighter, it has this, it has that, you know, whatever it may be. Um, pickleball paddle with bag. Looks like that's something people are searching up with cover on, on Amazon as well. Again, this is very, very direct, right? Some, some are looking for sets, but at the end of the day, this is Answer The Public. It's a very helpful tool. You can also, again, use Answer Socrates as well. It's just a great way for you to better understand a little bit more about what's going on in your specific niche, and it can really help you, again, get on... You know, get ideas for ads, and also, again, think and k- kind of creep into the mind of what your customers are thinking. So that is Answer The Public, and hopefully, this is viable for you guys.