All right, so in this video, we're gonna be talking about how to get going on the research side of things, okay? So you're probably looking at the EAM market research process, and now what you're gonna wanna do is, uh, make a copy of the actual place that you will store all of your research, okay? Uh, so inside of here, you're obviously just gonna make a copy of this, update your company name here and here, or you can just delete this, whatever you wanna do. Um, and then what you're gonna do is just get these quick links going here, uh, just to make sure that if you, you know, take a couple of days to do this, which you probably will, um, you have the ability to kind of go back and, and check certain things. So this research process will always be linked, okay? So this is linked back to, um, this document here. And then the next thing that you're gonna do is link your brand guidelines and info. Now, if you do not have brand guidelines and info, I would definitely recommend that you take a second to consider, why are you doing this in the first place, okay? Um, and if you actually click this link, I am giving you access to a Canva template of our entire brand guidelines document that we used to charge a lot of money for. Um, and inside of here, this will actually show you basically all of the components of a brand guideline document that is very, very crucial for your company to actually have a, a reason, and a why, and a vision of what the heck you're trying to do. Um, there are a lot of people that obviously just want to create a, create a brand and sell a product, and that's where it is, and that, that is fine, okay? Um, but essentially, if you go through this process, you're actually going to start to ask yourself questions of, like, "Why the heck am I doing this in the first place, right? Like, what is my actual vision? What am I trying to do? What's my mission? What are my brand values? What's my brand voice? What do I want people-- when people think of my brand name, what do I want them to think? What is my customer persona? Who am I going after? My personality type. Where, what, what are the personality of the people, or what's the personality of the brand? What's the history of the brand? What are the colors? What's the po- typography, logo, and usage?" These are things that are very important. But with that said, if you do not have brand guidelines, I do not want you to spend the next, [chuckles] you know, three days building out a brand guidelines document, okay? This is something that you can do after, all right? We have worked with brands doing over two hundred thousand dollars a month without a brand guidelines doc, okay? Brand guidelines are important to keep everything aligned and make sure that we're actually moving in a common direction, but they are not going to make or break your ads, okay? So this is here. If you want to send this to someone on your team, or if you, in your kind of downtime, maybe a weekend project, want to really think deeper about your business and why you're doing what you're doing in the first place, this is a really great pl- a great thing for you to do. But if you do not have brand guidelines, this is not me telling you to go through and spend, again, the next week filling out your brand guidelines, but just know that this is very important, okay? This will probably answer your question of maybe why you're struggling in the first place, 'cause you're like, "Well, I don't even have a reason why I'm doing this. I'm just trying to make money." Well, I hate to break it to you, but that could be probably one of the main reasons why people aren't buying your stuff, 'cause they can see right through it, okay? So if you're really trying to build a brand, and you're really trying to have a why and a real vision and a mission with, with everything that you're doing, these brand guidelines can really help you, okay? So this is our document for it. Again, it does not mean go out and spend the next week building your brand guidelines, but if you already have brand guidelines, apologies for the rant, just know that you can link them here 'cause it is important to reference your brand guidelines. Now, the onboarding doc. So that is essentially what you should have filled out inside of here. Now, once you have filled out that onboarding doc, obviously, you're just gonna copy this link and paste it inside of here. So again, you can just click the link up here and paste this link in there. And the link to the FourPlay vision board. Now, if you have not gotten FourPlay, I would definitely recommend at least getting the free trial, okay? So, uh, fourplay.co is what it's actually called. I believe it's forty-nine bucks a month, uh, so pretty, pretty affordable, to be honest, for everything that you get. And on top of that, um, I believe there is a free trial. So yeah, there should be, like, a seven or, or a fourteen-day free trial or something like that. I'm not sure. Yeah, seven-day free trial, so if you wanna just get a use, get a feel for it, you can. Again, it's not make or break. You don't have to use this software, but it is one that is very, very powerful and will allow you to, uh, get a lot of good ideas, okay? Now, as for the research document, this is where your brain dump is going to happen. [chuckles] It's what we call it. Uh, so any kind of headline ideas, visual ad ideas, overall ideas that you get while doing research, rather than trying to store them, just jot them down, okay? Any ideas that you have for ads or creatives, throw them in here because you're gonna come back to them, most likely, to start creating your ads. Then, as we go down, you can see we have a lot of things broken up here. Now, again, this is not, like, do or die. You don't have to follow this exactly, just know that these are areas that we look at. So who is the company, right? And when I say who is the company, I'm talking about your company, okay? So who is the company? What do they represent, right? Some of this stuff will be in [chuckles] your brand guidelines and inside of this, but also, um, through the research that you kind of do on your website, and um, I'm gonna get to that in the next point. But, um, what is... You know, are the products, you know, physical functions? What are the- their function, you know, functional functions? [chuckles] Um, what are their features, their benefits? Um, what are some potential competitive advantages? What are the common use cases, reviews, uh, bad c- direct competitor reviews? What are some, uh, indirect competitor reviews, okay? Buzz niche words. Uh, what are wants and needs? What do customers not want, right? What is the potential... Who is the potential customer right now? What are some day-to-day struggles? There's a lot of really, really good things in here for you to kind of organize your research. And then from there, there's gonna be the competitor research pre- uh, uh, s- uh, section here. And again, don't rush through and start filling all this out. This is just an overview video, okay? We're gonna get down to competitor research down here. I'm gonna show you how to fill all this out. Um, and then there's also the creative audit inside of here as well. So this will show you and allow you, uh, basically help you, uh, actually audit your ad account too, okay? So this is the research doc. This is going to be where you're going to store all of your information, okay? And again, if you do not have brand guidelines, then just don't, again, don't stress it, okay? I... Like I said, I've seen million-dollar brands without brand guidelines, but just know this is gonna be important as you begin to scale and become, and, and start to become a real brand, okay? So that is everything as an overview here for what you're going to need to do. In the next video, we're gonna kick this thing off.