All right, so I've just gone through the majority of the, uh, targeting here. And again, these questions are most likely going to change, now that we're going through this worksheet to try to get some better answers. But, um, gone through majority of the Content Snare here, okay? And what I've done is I've just listed a bunch of different things. You can see I only have one headline idea, so I suck right now. Um, one billion ions, one great hair day. Um, but [chuckles] what I wanted to say is, inside of here now, I've got a better understanding of who the company is, okay? They're a tech company that doesn't like seeing brands like Dyson make a ton of money off of something that is not related to the core product. Believe in, you know, just delivering the best, you know, ser- or the best product to the customers, um, and only having them pay for the tech. Um, the product that we're focusing on is a light and swift hairdryer, and right now, the-- from what I understand, the, the product dries hair. [chuckles] That's what it does. We're gonna dig a little bit deeper, but, uh, the features here, we've got fair price, quiet, lightweight, compact, you know, one hundred and ten thousand RPM motor, you know, a billion negative ion generator, all this really great-- all these great features. We have understanding of what those features do. We have some potential competitive advantages and claims. Also have a few objections that we might need to handle, which is, like, it's a Dyson, you know, copycat, it's a Dyson knockoff. Um, it's expensive compared to other hairdryers. And then if we actually jump into the, uh, growth guide sheet, you can see I've got a list of about... I think we've got, I don't know, ten creators in here or something like that, or nine creators. And so we're gonna go through and, and do a lot more of our own research as well, but this is just from the Content Snare. This is where we're at. This is what we're looking at. Now, I have not gone through this process. That's what I'm about to do right now, um, with some of the, the information that the Life and Team provided, but so far, that is the update on what I've gotten from the Content Snare. And now, in this next step, I'm gonna dive a little bit deeper into the website, dive into some reviews, and dive into a little bit more research.