Google research is going through and actually looking up ourselves as well, right? So life and hairdryer, right? That's the first thing that we want to Google up. What comes up, right? What are we looking at? What are people seeing? Same thing with the articles, right? So like, what are some articles that people are saying? You can see I've pulled up, uh, a, a few different ones here from, from TechHive and from TechAdvisor and, uh, a few different articles that I'm looking at. And then on top of that, of course, you just, while you're doing your Google research, you just want to look up best hairdryer, right? You know, th- this is what people are searching for. And, like, the goal of, uh, this Google experiment is to go through and, and try to figure out what are people seeing, what are people clicking on, right? So twenty-two best hairdryers, right? Okay, apparently, this is the number one best hairdryer. Why is it the best hairdryer? Let's go and, let's go and check this one out. Um, there's obviously some articles that are, that are better than others, right? You know, this by... Uh, I don't even know if it is Birdie. Is that how you say it? Um, ten best hairdryers of twenty twenty-three, tested and reviewed, right? Going through, seeing what people are saying, right? Okay, got it. Best overall is the Dyson. Okay, that's how they're ranking it. Now, we can start to take notes of this. It dries hair quickly, it's sleek and sturdy, magnetic attachments. The air filter is located on the handle. So stuff like that, okay? So we're able to kind of see and of course, pull this into our, you guessed it, our research document, right? So we're going through things that people are saying, stuff like that, right? If we, if we go through and follow our processes of making sure we keep notes, I'm not sure why there's a, a massive gap there. Um, but if we keep notes behind what people are saying and what people want, and just essentially adding little like ones next to them, right? So if we go to the features and benefits, so a big one that comes up that people are saying down here is that it, it dries hair quickly, right? So if we want to just add these, we can, right? Dries hair quickly, that's a big one that comes up, right? So we can start keeping notes, and this is obviously a, a nic thing to do is start adding, you know, the ones next to it. How many times do you see, "dries hair quickly," or how many times do you see, "sleek and sturdy," or, "no heat damage," right? Those are the kind of buzzwords which is actually where we should be doing this on. If we go down to the buzzword section, right? No heat damage, right? Quick drying, fast drying. Okay, we can even paste those down there. Dries hair quickly. Okay, we can start adding how many times we see that in our competitors' messaging to have a better understanding of which words are, are being overdone. You can also then see down here, the best budget, right? So there's different types of the market that we're going after. So this is what people are saying is the best budget. It dries hair quickly, doesn't get as hot as we would like. We can kind of understand, okay, this is fifty bucks, so these are for the people that are looking for a budget hairdryer. Best splurge, okay, apparently, this is an ex- very expensive one. This one's four hundred and fifty dollars. So why is this so expensive, right? Best airflow, looking at that. Best for heat damage, looking at that. And obviously, we'd kinda want to see ourselves in this at some point, but the odds of that happening are probably not great, but best design, best compact, right? There's all these different markets now that are starting to open up for us to understand which ones people and certain avatars and certain personas are gonna go after. So that's something that we can look at as well. You know, someone who wants more of a luxury drying experience, someone who's maybe just looking to get a hairdryer 'cause they need to dry their hair, right? Though, that's where those personas start to come in, where we can look at different types of... Let me go ahead and find it in here, right? So for professional, you know, hairstylists, right? That's one. It's for people who want to dry their hair every day, right? Or th- those are use cases, and now we can get down to some of the personas, actually in the avatar section, right? So for example, here, we would have something that talks a little bit more about, you know, professional hairstylists, right? That's maybe a deeper persona, so you could probably put that more towards the end. But we could just say our everyday, you know, hair, hairdryer, right? Our everyday, everyday girl that wants to dry their hair. Everyday girl looking to dry their hair, right? That's one persona. And then we have kind of like the girls who want the, the luxury experience, right? So we can start to identify personas also by doing this Google research and trying to understand things a little bit better there.