00:00:00,080 --> 00:06:21,960 [Speaker 0]
... All right, guys, so in this module, it's gonna be a, a shorter one. I'm gonna walk you through what is to come in the new How to Make Ads or Execution section, to help you just better understand all the stuff that's in here, 'cause obviously, there's a lot of new, um, and I just wanna touch base on everything that is happening. So, um, if you guys haven't read this yet, uh, I'm gonna basically give you the high-level overview of this. But I want you guys to know that as of November twenty twenty-five, there is an important update that I wanna let you guys know that I am working on... If you ask me, I mean, I don't know, this avatar training was- [chuckles] took a lot out of me, but I'm hopefully gonna be making a copywriting programme that is going to ideally shift the way that people write copy in, in e-com and, you know, basically make it impossible for you to fail. That's my goal. Uh, it's a pretty big claim, um, but I'm only confident in that because of this module down here, [chuckles] that you're gonna be able to have a plain editor to support you. Um, but my point is, is that these modules that you're about to follow down below, I'm gonna kind of talk about them, are kind of more-- I don't wanna say entry-level, because I think a lot of you guys that are watching this just aren't that good at copywriting. Um, but for those of you that are like, you know, you guys are dialled in, like you've taken some other courses on copywriting, you know your shit, this might just kind of be more like reminder for you. And so I wanna respect those of you that are legit at copywriting, because a lot of you guys are. But for most of you, um, or for not most of you, for a lot of you, you have zero copywriting skills at all, or, like, you're a very mid-copywriter. You know, you don't really think about what you write, you just kind of write. And so these modules should still help you quite a bit, if you ask me. I'm gonna talk about which modules in here, um, are more advanced, and I think everyone should watch, versus ones that aren't. But basically, um, I'm working again on trying to make the best programme that I can, whether it's gonna be in Evolve or a separate programme inside of Evolve. It's just gonna be a different thing. Um, I'm gonna try to make this the best I can, but in order to do that, it-- I'm gonna... I need to plan, I need to organise, I need to stress test, and, like, I want to, like, ideally have proof for every single strategy that I show you guys of, like: "Look, here's a winning ad that we made with this strategy," okay? And, like, legit winning ads. And so, um, I want you guys to know, like, that's gonna take time to, like, really go through, validate, and like, you know, just crush those out. And to give you guys context of, like, what it's gonna look like, and things that we're gonna cover, and how we've previously made winning ads. So it's like disarming objections, weaponising and shifting beliefs, and leveraging labels, and creating unaware ads, and frames, and escalation, and all this kind of stuff. I'm gonna get into that. Um, but to just kind of give you guys an overview of the new kind of optimised execution section, the first video that you- you're gonna see here is Execution Problem, 'cause I want a lot of you guys to start looking at why your current ads are not really scaling, or why the ads that you're making are not working, 'cause a lot of you guys come in doing volume or making ads, and they're just not converting. So I want you guys to kind of go through this execution problem, and this should really hit home for a lot of you. The next thing here is just, like, every ad format that you guys can use. This just kind of shows you guys, like, actual formats. Now, there's ones that people mention around, like, um, like AI podcast ads and stuff like that. And some of that, I mean, I would just kind of call that, like, authentic talking head or, like, UGC or potentially professional shop videos. Um, but at the end of the day, you guys can see the actual format, so these are not, like, structures, where I'm like: "Oh, it's a VSL." It's like, hey, these are just, you know, formats. So, like, a VSL is basically just like subtitles or B-roll or voice, voice-overs with B-roll. So the VSL is... Um, but anyways, these are all the formats that you can use. Uh, we then have, this actually just got updated, Copywriting 101, and so I-- this is actually still a decently good module, I think, for you guys to watch, if you guys wanna, like, refresh your skills and stuff like that. Um, but you guys can see the document in here if you wanna scroll through it. And then how to write image ads, part one and part two, was actually for more of our, um, beginner programme around, like: "Hey, here's how to, like, do everything yourself." Um, but it still has some really good stuff in here, if you ask me, around, like, the briefing template, or you guys can use Milanote, which I explain in the, the video ad section, and it shows you, like, the ads that I actually made and designed myself. And so you guys can kind of watch me go through... And this is actually really helpful for a lot of you guys that have been through the avatar training and trying to figure out, like: "How do I use these sub-avatars to make ads?" and all that kind of stuff. This kind of covers it, especially in part one, part two. Uh, part two is a little bit longer of a video, but we actually get into using, like, AI and, like, taking images and applying them. It also shows you guys how to use Creative OS. Uh, I also answer some FAQs below, and it really talks about, I think, one of the biggest things when it comes to writing ads is, like, taking a break. So it's like, write your brief, and then, like, take a breather, go eat some lunch, whatever, or sleep on it, and then come back the next day and then, like, crush it out. I talk a little bit about that, and then I kinda have some fun at the end with Nano Banana, so get into a little bit of AI. Uh, then we have an action item here for just, you know, actually writing your image ad briefs. Doesn't mean that you have to write image ads just for the sake of writing image ads, but it's just saying like: "Hey, go take some action." Then we get to the video section here, and this kind of gets into one of our biggest prompts. So here it is, right here. So this is the Evolve Optimised Video Ad Script, okay? And so here there's an-- this is like, I don't know how many pages this is. It's a lot. It's, like, thirty-eight pages. Yikes, that's actually really long. Um, but you guys can use this prompt, and then from there, the video ads, part two, is gonna walk you through how I actually refine the AI, and you guys can actually see a final script that I wrote for a specific brand. You guys can zoom in and see exactly what I did, and I explain how I got there. Uh, we then have some videos from Sean about how to write, uh, hooks that bang, uh, scriptwriting in general, uh, and then obviously telling you guys to make sure you take action and write your scripts. This is a killer video. Everybody in this programme needs to watch this video. Anything with a star, by the way, it's like you need to watch it. Um, so you'll be able to see what that's all about. Also show you guys how to source some content as well. There's static ad templates this year for you guys to, uh, basically use and, and fill out. A lot of people use them, and they actually crush. Uh, and then here we have, uh, how to clone and print i- imitation ads through Adrio. So that is the execution section. I hope you guys enjoy, and a lot of this, just know, like, when it comes to execution, a lot of it comes down to the analysing section as well, and we're gonna kind of... You guys will see that later, that when it comes to completing feedback loops, is one of the most important things for you to get better execution. But that is the overview of this, and I just wanna make sure that you guys all know what is coming. Hope you guys are excited and, uh, looking forward to getting this over to you as soon as it is ready to go. But for now, hopefully, this is the revamped version. If for whatever reason, just as a final note, you guys wanna go in the archive and... Whoopsie, I can't, uh, [chuckles] I can't show this. This is stuff that, uh, is coming soon. You guys won't be able to see this, but this is me cooking some guy, and he ended up deleting his tweet. Anyway, he's not a bad guy, by the way. I, I just was kind of in a, in a mood. Uh, but here we have, like, our old version of how to make ads. So this is, like, how we used to, like, write briefs, and these are very old. So I've just gone through and, like, again, if you guys wanna watch this, you can, but I think these new modules are light years better to help you guys actually understand, like, how we're making ads today. So there you go. That is the overview of the execution section, and I can't wait for you guys to start taking some action and print some winning ads.