... If you wanna make creatives that can chat scale to a hundred K per day, you're gonna need more time focusing on the video hook, which is the first three seconds of the video. I'm gonna teach you how to create video hooks that just bang, so you can capture people's attention within the first three seconds. The most important thing you'll need to know is your marketing fundamentals. Some people think that this creative strategy might just be, you know, you look at the other big brand, you copy what they're doing, take a video, make it super weird or whatnot, like on TikTok organic. That's not what creative strategy is. If you don't know how to analyze a creative properly, you will never be able to create a banger ad. If I ask you, let's say you run Facebook ads, how do you create a winning ad? What determines a winning ad? You might say, "Oh, a good ad is one that has good CTR, good hook rate," just metrics on Facebook like that, okay? Which is cool. Let me ask you another question then. If you answer m- me with your CTR or hook rates or whatever those are, let me ask you, why do you think those metrics were good? Why do you think that made the ad good? Maybe you will say, "Oh, maybe it's 'cause the hook was cool." But how do you analyze beneath it, right? That's where the marketing fundamentals come in. If you don't get this right, you'll never be able to create a real good winning ad, right? So the most fundamental one you need to know is the five stages of awareness. What are these? The first stage, unaware, is when people don't know they already have a problem. Think of it like a funnel. Unaware is top of funnel, most aware is the bottom of funnel. Same thing if you were taught to run Facebook ads, Google ads, TikTok ads, you might have heard, you know, top of funnel, middle of funnel, retargeting, whatnot. These are type- type of ads. Lower of funnel, you create more m- aware ads, okay? So, uh, I'll show you some examples, uh, in a bit, but let's say you're in unaware stage, okay? People don't know they have a problem already. You can only tell them this problem through stories, secrets, infotainments, and whatnot. What the hell do I actually mean by that? Let me show you an example. Let's say it's unaware ad here. It says, "This took me years to learn, but I'm gonna teach it to you in sixty seconds." It doesn't say what the problem is, it just tells you a story, right? It does show the ideal outcome. I'll get into that a bit more. Let's say this ad over here, it's by a doctor and authority figure. All she's saying is... I can play the video, but people seem to forget that this, this, this, this, that, whatever. She's telling you a secret that most people don't know about. This is an unaware ad. You're sort of educating people about the problem. The hardest to get right, but the most scalable. Next up, problem-aware ads. What are problem-aware ads? Pretty straightforward. You have a problem, you wanna solve it. There we go. Um, w- problem-aware ads, let me quick view the definition. People understand the problem, but not the solution. They know have the- they have the problem, they don't know how to solve it, right? So let's say this ad over here. It starts off with the problem: "Where is my shin pad?" They are selling hockey bags for people who have really messy bags, keeps them organized. The problem is, can't find their gear. Where is my shin pad, right? This will all make sense once I put it all together, but this is something that you will need to learn. Solution-aware ads, right? What is the definition of solution-aware ads? People understand solution, but don't know you provide it. They know what they want already. They know they have the problem, they know they want the solution. They don't know that you can fulfill that solution. Let's see this one over here. They hate doing dishes, get these pants. They already know they want to stop doing dishes. They just want, um, a product that can solve this problem for them. This T-shirt makes you more attractive. They already know they want to be more attractive, you just need to give them a product to it, right? Product-aware ads, okay. They already know that these type of products exist. You just need to say why yours is the best, show reviews, whatnot, and most aware ads, gas promotions, bottom of funnel, slap banners on it, whatnot, okay? So let me put it all together now. Oh, Figma. All right. If unaware style ads, like I showed you, you will be sharing a lot of stories, secrets, and infotainment. Problem aware, hey, they already have the problem, just tell them why or h- or the pain points of it and the solution to solving it. Solution aware, they already know they want to solve it, they don't know how they can. Your product is the solution to it. Product aware, proof that the product works, okay? And most aware, pricing. Um, so let me show you how to actually put this all together. Let me give you some, some examples beyond what I just showed you, okay? Let's say you are selling a weight loss product, okay? You have a weight loss product. Let's say it is completely new in the market. People even don't know how the hell it works, right? Maybe you can create a VSL style video. Maybe it's two to five minutes long, telling people about this new secret through an authority figure, like a doctor, whatnot. Problem aware, back pain. Very simple. Back pain. Do you have back pain? 

Tell them what is the benefits of solving it. Don't have to worry about, you know, pain, playing with your kids, no issue anymore. Very simple. Solution aware, understand the solution, don't know you provide it already. Like the T-shirt one, or let's say people already want the back pain. They already look know they have a lot of... They wanna know how to get rid of it already. Just say, "Hey, this product gets rid of back pain." There we go. Product aware, "Okay, I'm selling a back pain product. Why is mine the best?" People already know my product exists. Mine is better than competitors because mine has extra features.... and most aware, sale. Buy my back pain product for fifty percent off. Okay? This is how you look at each ad. You want to analyze each ad, which stage are they in the market? Uh, this is how you will actually know. Sometimes you hit the right desire. You know people want to solve their back pain, which market awareness stages are they? Do you-- If your product is superior, do you talk about, "Hey, our product is superior," or you talk more top of funnel, more scalable, you say, "Hey, do you actually know that if you don't solve this back pain pro- problem, that you're gonna have some complications later on down the line?" That'd be more problem aware ad. It's still the same product, it's just same desire, you're moving up the funnel. Each funnel, each stage could work as well. It just depends. For example, if you're selling something super, um, sophisticated, lots of search volume, back pain, for example, everyone-- a lot of people have back pain. You could scale with a product aware ad as well. Let's say you just take your best performing, uh, product, improve upon it, this is your ad, right? That's product aware. You still get plenty of scale. Let's say you can still do a few mil a month with just product aware ad. Okay? Now that you've learned each stage, how you will actually bid on each ad, determining which ad is which stage, what do you actually do with this information, and why is it relevant to creating hooks? Let me show you the creative strategy element to it, okay? There's a few types of hook clips. There's a lot more actually, but these are common ones that we see actually work well. Okay. The clickbait style hooks, a lot of big brands like to use it as well. Um, someone told me, I think, um, is it HiSmile? One of the big brands, they had a hook where they poured hot water over a hot dog. Um, I'm not sure why that's relevant. HiSmile sells dental products. So those clickbait style hooks, we've tried them, never works well. It's cool if you want to make a super weird clip, ASMR weird clip, that is relevant to your product. You see HiSmile type ads, or let's say, yeah, HiSmile. Let's say they sell toothpaste, they have ASMR type clips that are just them playing with the toothpaste, ASMR, you know, that type of shit. That could work well, but you need to make it relevant. Do not make random clickbait style hooks, okay? You have to have hooks that show the ideal outcome, weird clips, either shows the problem or it shows the product. Let me give you some examples. Okay? Clips that show the ideal outcomes and solution. This one over here. This clip starts with 

someone with nice red hair. I can't play it. The Tik-- there's a TikTok comment overlay that says: "How did you get such nice hair?" This is showing the outcome. Weird clips like this, three reasons why you should try the Duo Cover. Okay, let me try to play it. Yeah, I can play it. I'm not sure how it might work, but you can see on the bottom right over here. Uh, let me just play it again, if I can. 

Okay. What we did is we just took the product, we threw it down, but we reversed it, so it comes flying back up at you. In the small... Yeah. Weird clips like this or products that show the problem. This one says, "As a busy parent," it shows it being hard to clean. Now that you know how to show it, how do you actually pair it with the marketing fundamentals? Let's go through your market awareness stages again. Unaware style ad, you will show stories, right? How do you actually show the stories over here? Show the problem. People don't know about it already. How do you show the problem? Or you can show the ideal outcome. This unaware style ads shows the ideal outcome. This doctor one, is authority figure, it shows the problem. Um, this clip, I can play it, it shows the problem, but, uh, that's pretty much it. Problem aware ads, going back to that, okay? What type of things you can do? Show the solution, show the problem, show the product. We chose to show the problem. What is it? 

Can't find your shit. That's the problem. Solution aware ads, okay? Again, going back to 

types of hook clips. 

Which one will you do? Outcome, problem, product, or it being weird? Okay. 

Solution aware ads, hate doing dishes? Get these pans. What is it actually showing? The solution. It-- you can flip your sh-- your eggs without it sticking. This one, T-shirt makes you more attractive. An attractive girl, I mean, being attracted to you. Solution. Product aware ads, same thing. Is Gordon Ramsay's cooking set worth the hype? What are they showing? The solution. Eggs don't stick. This one over here, also same thing. Someone applying needle-less serum. They're applying the serum on their face, their skin looks good, showing the ideal outcome as well. Most aware, there's not much to say about it. Put whatever ad, slap banner on it, sale, show your product. Very, very simple. A lot of it, the hooks don't get too complicated. Um, once you know which, uh, marketing angle you're going after, which market awareness stage, just about showing any of these... There are probably more, but these are the ones that we commonly use, okay? 

Going back to the fa- marketing fundamentals, most importantly, yes, you have your hook clip, but what about your hook text? You don't have to have a hook text on each of the hooks, but just ha- knowing what type of angles you want to go after is very helpful as well. The hook is to do a few things, right? Calls out the right audience, promises a benefit, and makes people want to read more. Let me give you an example. These two hooks over here. Hook text, "Dry winter air is harsh on your lungs, skin, and immune system. Brand is here to help." "Fresh air indoors in winter? Yes, please. Keep your home comfortable and hydrated all year long with brand."... Okay, which one do you think did better? I'm gonna s- pause the video. Let me think about it a bit, okay? Which one calls out the right audience, benefit, and makes people want to read more? 

If you guessed correctly, the one on the left did better. Dry winter air is harsh on your lungs, skin, immune system. 

Who is it calling out? It's calling out people who have dry winter air. What's the benefit? This is the problems. This is how it solves it. It's not telling you how it solves it, it's just making you read more. Analyze the one on the right, okay? Fresh air indoors in winter? Yes, please. People who want fresh air in winter, benefit is there as well. What's the difference? What's the difference? Why couldn't the right one scale? Let me go back to my market awareness chart, okay. This one, dry winter air is harsh on your lungs, means people don't know that it's harsh on your lungs. Fresh air indoors in winter, means they already know they want it, right? They already know they want the outcome, which is fresh air. Let me break it down again, right. People who don't know about the problem, let's say, it's harsh on your lungs or whatever, it, it could be an unaware ad, could be. And, oh, fresh air indoors in winter, yes, please, they already know they want the solution. They already know the solution, which means it's a solution-aware ad. It's lower down the funnel, it's less scalable. Although both of them might target-- call out the right people, still have the same benefits, they are different market awareness stages. Um, 

hopefully, that makes some sense, but it's how we look about it. The higher the stage it is, the more scalable it will be eventually, okay? But that is how you will put together a good hook, okay? So you need to know the marketing fundamentals and the creative strategy. First, analyzing the creatives, which creative is in what market awareness stages? What market awareness stages do you want your creatives to be? Making sure that the hook calls out the right audience, promises a benefit, and makes people want to read more, and pairing it with the correct hook clips. Some people, a lot of people have been DM-ing me as well. You already know the marketing fu- fundamentals, how do you pair it with the actual creative strategy? 

Very simple once you know the marketing fundamentals. As I said, only a few things you can do, but let me give you some extra bell-- bonus tips, okay? Enhancers. How do you make your hook stand out more? The first one is reversing your clips, okay? You want it to make it look weirder and more engaging. Let's say this one over here, right? Let me try to play it for you, uh, again. So this clip, we threw the product down, and we reversed it to make it look even more interesting. You can see in the bottom right over here, very small, I know. I'm sorry. Flies up. Whatever hook you have, try it out. Take your best hook and reverse it. Could do well. Let's say, if you are throwing a product down, flies back up to you, um, have seen it work very well. It's a free tip. Last one is, tell it from the person's... another person's perspective. Instead of saying, "I lost so much weight," you can say, "I can't believe you lost so much weight. You look fantastic." Because people, at the end of the day, they care more about what other people think about them or what society says. Can be a lot of things, right? Can be your own personal looks, how their child is presented, their furniture, et cetera, because most people are trying to impress others. Let's say if I were to sell this product over here, hairdryer, I wouldn't say, "Wow, this hairdryer made me look-- make my hair look effortlessly beautiful." You could say it from, "Oh, my gosh, how did your hair look so-- how did you get your hair to look so good?" Something like that, for example, that's framing it from another person's perspective. Humidifier, for example, uh, you can say, "Hey, um, I made my, um, air in my room very hydrated." Probably could word that better. Let's say, "Uh, I managed to prevent," 

um, what's the word for it? Let's say, "winter allergies in my house." That's from your perspective, right? But how did- how can you frame it from another person's perspective? Let's say it's from a mom. "How did you keep your kids sick-free for the entire school year?" Something like that. It's how you want to think about it, okay? So these are just extra enhancers to add on to your hook, but this training is enough to get you to hooks that will make you one hundred K per day. Nothing too complicated. Uh, as I say it again, it comes down to the marketing fundamentals. You know that well, it's easy to pair the creative strategy. But that's all for the video today. If you have any other questions, let me know. Thank you for your time. We've helped scale e-commerce brands to over a hundred K per day, and I've coached a few students of mine to get a hundred K per day with their own e-commerce brands as well. So if you're a seven to nine-figure e-commerce brand looking for someone to help you scale your ads, or if you're doing fifty K per month with your own brand and you're looking for someone to help you coach you to get you to the next level, go to the link in the description and book a call with me.