... Now that you have gone through the other sections, here's how you want to put the ads together, actually. So some people will call this scriptwriting, but all scripts derive from good research. So making sure that you have gone through the previous modules, knowing how you do research for the market desires, personas, and market awareness stages, is how you're going to create this ad. 'Cause most of it is really just whatever you have from the research and putting it inside. If you have not done sufficient research, writing the script will be very, very hard. So the better your research, the easier it is to write your script. So assuming that you already have it all planned out, you might have an ad idea in your growth guide. So have it all planned out in this growth guide. For example, you know, the concept you want is based on whatever you researched already. Let's say you found out that through TikTok, a lot of people are talking about certain, um, aspect to your product. Write it as an ad idea, why you think it's going to do well based on the research, who you're targeting, the USP persona, and what you're going to test, whether it's a hook, the messaging, et cetera. So that's the planning for it-- the research for it. The planning for it, as I said, the messaging you choose based o- on your research determines how it's shown. So cri-- sc-- what this script writing really is, is how you can take customers from one stage of awareness all the way down to most aware, right? But there's a lot of other things you want to keep in mind as well, in terms of the fundamentals you've learned and how it all works together. So it's not just desires, personas, and awareness stages. You know, sophistication, belief also play a big part, and a lot of belief also is built through how well you can relate to someone and logic as well, which will be covered later on in the steps. So let me go ahead with drafting first. So before I get into that, actually, I want to cover something. So you might have seen before that some people have certain ad structures they follow. For example, this is one I used to follow as well. Uh, you know, hook, pain point, benefits, demonstration, et cetera. But all it really is, is, is just picking a, awareness stage and bringing the follower all the way down to most aware. For example, this one. Hooks, maybe it could be, um, problem aware. Problem is regarding the mosquito, the mosquito bites you, you're in pain, et cetera. Then going into solution aware, it's a prompting question: "Hey, are you tired of getting mosquitoes? Here's how you can deal with it." Okay, that's solution aware already. Then product aware, telling people about your product: "Hey, this product does this. It's better than here. You can use it for whatever." And then give, again, product aware, "Hey, thousand of people agree already," and most aware is the call to action. So all structures are all the same. It's just how you take someone from the awareness stage you choose to most aware. It could just be you start off with product aware right away. In s- in that case, maybe you start somewhere around here. It could be, "The other products you've tried have been scams. Why ours is good," over here, then call to action again. That's what script writing really is, but let me show you how it works in practice. So putting the first ad together, first step is drafting, right? So to draft it, like I said, you need to know who your pr- target persona is and the desire. In this example, I'm going to choose, let's say, e-com brand owners doing over one hundred K per month. Let's say the s- service I'm selling is my Facebook agency services. The s- desire for them, as we know in the three big desires, um, health, wealth, relationships, I choose to go deeper into wealth, and specifically, it's to have more predictable and stable revenue growth. In this case, I'm going to choose to do an unaware ad, and let's say, to start off, I'm going to write hooks for, um, all the awareness stages, so I know what is possible. You don't have to do this for all the ads, but let's say an unaware one is, "Hey, why ninety percent of e-com brands that make one hundred K end up failing?" That's unaware hook. Or problem aware one is, "Unstable revenue growth is the number one reason e-com brands fail." Okay? Digging deeper into the, um, problem, that's what problem aware is. Solution aware is digging deeper into the other solutions in the market. "If you're tired of your revenues swinging high and low, here's what you can do." People already know that they need a solution to it. 

Product aware, people already know what, what we're going to talk about. Facebook ads, "How do you know if the person running your Facebook ads is doing a good job?" Most aware is your call to action or offer. So these are hooks for different awareness stages. And just write it out. This is just your planning for it. After you've planned it, how do you actually draft it out? Like I said, right, script writing is just how you take someone from one market awareness stage to the next, to most aware eventually. So even if I put all of these together inside just a script, even if I read it out, out now, it might make a bit of sense. "Why ninety percent of e-com brands that make one hundred K per month end up failing?" "Unstable revenue growth is the number one reason e-com brands fail. So if you're tired of your revenues swinging high and low, here's what you can do." And, "How do you know if the person running your Facebook ads is doing a good job? We run Facebook ads for you for the first thirty days." There's, there's already a certain flow to it. Of course, this is just the hooks only. So when you write the draft itself, you can-- Let's say I choose an unaware market awareness stage. I can put in the same things over there. Right now, I just ne- need to make it like something a person would say. So same thing. "Why ninety percent of e-com brands that make one hundred K per month end up failing?" Let's say it's now as unaware, now I go up into problem aware. "Unstable revenue growth is the number one reason e-com brands fail, and you don't want to spend all your hard work for nothing. Often overlooked, but the brands that fix it end up exiting for huge amounts, like Gymshark." It's really just expanding upon the problem you showed here. It's what s-- It's what I'm really doing over here. I'm just expanding upon each awareness stage for the script, for each section. Let's see, next section, solution aware-... So if you're tired of your revenue swinging high and low, here's what has been working like crazy. We started exploding brand growth after we started running Facebook ads with AI creatives. What I did here, on top of expanding on the solution that we offer, I also added a new mechanism. Our solution is Facebook ads, but my new mechanism is AI creatives. Okay? And now I'm going into product aware. All these A-- Okay, it's supposed to be running Facebook ads, it's doing a job, but then when I wrote it, hey, it doesn't make sense because I'm talking about AI creatives, so it doesn't flow right. So I rewrote it a bit. It's still product aware. All these creatives here were generated and converted like crazy, and the best part is, crank all of them out rapid speed without spending crazy amounts. This way, you have tons more like your competitors. Over in product aware, all I'm doing is really just expanding on the benefits. In this template, for example, like I said, when-- after he goes from solution aware, everything here, benefits, demonstration, features, social proof, it's all product aware already. So really just expanding on the product. This-- That is the section I'm at already now. So this one, this one is maybe longer than the rest. So I dig into the problem, I show them the solution, I show them why my product. After that, it's just, "Hey, CTA, what's my offer? Try risk-free today," et cetera. This is the first draft. All I did, expand on the market awareness stages, um, and that really is it for the draft. Of course, that's not perfect yet. So the next step you want to do after you have the draft is you want to reinforce it. So reinforcing, okay, it's really just... you know, the desire and target, so really just digging deeper into it. And you want to imagine scriptwriting like you're painting a mental picture, right? Close your eyes, think of it. If you listen to this script, what will you feel? How can you picture it? So if you're telling them how good your stuff is, describe it so that solution makes them feel like they're in heaven. Or if you're telling them about pain, how can you describe it, so it feels hellish? So it's like heaven and hell. That's how I would describe it, but, uh, not, not literally, so, uh, don't cancel me. Thank you. Right, let me go into the section: How do I reinforce it? Okay, how do I make it dig deeper? So why ninety percent of e-com brands fail? And add an ex-extra part over here, 'cause it didn't make sense previously. It's a simple, overlooked problem that most brands make. Why did I add this also? I'll cover it a bit, a bit later, but in the previous hook training, you would have seen your hooks need to talk-- call out a specific audience, make them curious, or promise a benefit. The-- Initially, it's just this, when you release of... Okay, so it calls out the current audience. Perhaps it also, um, makes people curious. It doesn't call out the benefit. So adding this sentence here just makes it so people, one, get more curious, and it's implied benefit. They'll learn what it is. Okay. So 

initially, it was unstable revenue growth is the number one reason e-com brands fail. How can I make them feel, uh, like, um, they really need this even more? So 

you've worked hard to get this far, but the reality is that if you don't have this, it's gonna be very risky, and you're constantly gonna be worrying about that. So I really dig deeper into the pain this way, instead of saying, "It's the number one reason," I'm saying, "Hey, if you don't do this, everything's gonna be very risky. You could risk everything. Uh, one wrong move and all your efforts could come tumbling down." So I know e-com brand owners are struggling. They have put in the hard work already, and to have all their hard work erased, uh, will not feel good. And then giving them alternative, digging into the problem as well. So, but then telling them, "Hey, if you can solve it, like Gymshark, you won't just survive, you'll exit with massive success." This way, they are also curious to go into the solution aware section. So if you're frustrated with inconsistent revenue swings, here's what's been driving serious results. Previously, it was, "Here's what we're working like crazy," and then, "We've seen explosive growth with leveraging Facebook ads with AI-generated creatives." It's still roughly the same thing, just reword it a bit to make sure that it really digs deeper. Instead of, you know, revenue swinging high and low, it's, "Are you frustrated with inconsistent revenue swings?" More emotional words, right? Next section. Now we are in product aware already. Okay, product aware. Previously, it was just all these creatives here generated like crazy. Here's what you can do with them, the benefits. So pretty much the same thing. AI-generated, converted like crazy. And the crazy part is, instead of just saying, "You can crank them at rapid speed, and you don't need to spend crazy amounts," how can I reinforce it, make it more descriptive and emotional? I can produce this at light-- high volumes, lightning speed, and you don't have to break the bank. Okay. 

And instead of saying, "This way, you and you have tons of creative volumes, it's much more predictable," I say, yeah, it's pretty much the same thing. "Consistent flow of fresh creatives, it's more re- predictable. You leave your competitors in the dust." That's product aware. Besides that, just adding on as well, telling them, "Hey, within just thirty days, our clients see stable revenue growth." Just so... It, it's a, it's extra time delay, um, on there, so they're more clear on when-- how soon they'll, uh, receive it. This way, 'cause most brand owners, they think of it, um, in terms of offers, right? If you've seen Alex Hormozi's hundred million dollar offers as well, um, it's a side tangent from where we're going. The offer is not just whatever you put on the, you know, fifty percent off. It comes down into, like, time delay, desired outcome, et cetera. So just making sure that, uh, there's a solid, um, time frame on when you-- they'll get the results will reinforce the desire. And then-... testimonials, of course, just like the previous structure I gave you. This one over here, social proof, and then offer. So, oh, offer. So this is the script so far. I've written the draft on bit-- of it based on the awareness stages, and I reinforced the desire. But this is just what I wrote so far. There's two-- a few more steps you need to do, right? After that you reinforced it, you need to refine it. Refining it really just means that you need to make it more, um, like a normal person would say it. So in this section, what you need to do is you need to read out your script loud, and it feels awkward or, or unnatural, you, you will need to, um, rewrite it, basically. You don't want it to sound robotic, 'cause a lot of you guys, I've seen your, your UGC scripts. They don't sound like something a regular person would say. All you need to practice reading it out loud, and if there's any words you feel don't add to the selling power, it's extra fluff, remove it. You want each word to, to really count, and 

this way it's, it's much more authentic, you would say. You don't use words that a regular person wouldn't say. So, okay. Oh, oh, now that I'm done with the draft reinforcing, here's how I would refine it. 

So I'm going to read this out loud now. This is the refined version. "Why ninety percent of e-com brands making a hundred K per month fail to scale? And it's usually a simple overlooked problem that most brands make. And a lot of you have worked hard to get here already, but without stable, predictable growth, scaling becomes very risky. If you make one wrong move, all your efforts could collapse. And brands that solve this problem, Gymshark, they don't just survive. In fact, they actually thrive, and most of them suc-- exit with huge success. And if you're tired of inconsistent revenue swings, here's what been re- working for us. We've seen explosive growth using Facebook ads with AI-generated creatives. All these creatives you see here were all AI-generated, and they all make crazy amounts of money. The best part for you, we can create out high volumes at lightning speed, b- without even blowing your budget on ads. With a constant flow of fresh creatives, you're fueling the machine for Facebook ads to become predictable, leaving your competitors in the dust. We tried this for all other clients as well, and in the first thirty days, they're already seeing steady, reliable revenue growth, no matter rollercoaster highs and lows, and here's what they have to say." So already reading out this section, it feels... It doesn't feel super natural, right? So there's this opportunity for us to even refine it further. Although this is the refined version already, it's not very natural still. Some parts of it, you might s- hear that it's a bit choppy. So those sections, what you're going to do is just reword it, you know, remove sections, make it sound like a natural person would say it. You need to make sure that you use language that your, um, 

what's the word for it? Persona actually uses. If it's a persona that it's, it's a woman, right, who want to lose weight, the word is like, you have to get snatched instead of losing weight, for example. Those are specific phrases that you want to incorporate as much as possible. You only know this based on your research. How did I know how to put in all these re- benefits and whatnot? It's because on all the Reddits I saw, all the threads, these are the issues that people are dealing with. Hey, they maybe it's, it's-- they are wondering how people, like brands, can scale this high. Me, I found it out, I put that in. Okay, people are having issues with getting creatives out. Okay, 

that's the people-- that's the problem people have. I found a solution for it, I put that in. It's how you figure out what to put inside your script. 

And after you have it all fully refined already, the last step is-- not the last step, second last step is just the visuals for it. And for the visuals for it, it, it is very dependent on what, of course, you have to, to work with. And the visuals you're gonna choose is very dependent on your target persona. Based on the research you've done, you know, you go through TikTok, YouTube, comments, Facebook, et cetera, you want to showcase the same style of content that they watch already. If they watch a lot of TikTok, UGC style stuff, like if you run a fashion brand, that's the same type of creative you want to pull out. So put the same type of content style they already watch, but I want you to also, uh, push the claim a bit. You want to make it exaggerate, 'cause, um, we're not just... One, we have to make it relatable. It's on the content style we choose, but we also need to make it, uh, attention-grabbing, right? Examples is some of Alex Hormozi's ads for gym launch. Um, he calls out gym owners, so he calls out his target persona exactly, and he's on top of a unicorn. So it's, it's very attention-grabbing this way. This is the part where you can go fully, like, brain rot. You can, uh, think of a lot of random ideas for this. And another one is, like, Sabri Suby, runs a 

King Kong agency. He has an ad where he dressed up as a, as a priest. He's blessing his return on ad spend. So crazy things like this. Uh, once you have the script out, it's just thinking how, how-- what visuals do you think will, um, what's the word for it? Can execute it. So let's say if-- I thought of a few ideas, right? So if I'm talking about why ninety percent of e-com brands fail making hundred K per month scale, simple overlooked mistake. I thought of, "Hey, I'm talking in front of you in this camera right now. I got a money bag in front of me. People are wondering, 'What is the money bag?'" And then Mark Zuckerberg comes in. So, um, not really him. Like, um, you can have someone in a Mark Zuckerberg face mask come, steal your money, right? When you fill the scale part, and then a security guard person stops him. That's the simple overlooked problem that most brands make. You stopped him. Okay. Crazy idea, right? But these are the ideas that, uh, really help you scale. 'Cause if you guys have seen, like, this guy, Billy Gene, he, um-... This guy has been making ads for, for many, many years. Some of the ads you guys may have seen, uh, before, and because we've, we've done some trainings with him as well, and he said himself that he's pretty lazy. This guy makes like a few banger ads per year and then chills out. But that goes to show, right? If you can really make banger ads, it's not necessarily about the volume, it's about the winning ad rate. For him, his winning ad rate is insane. So he ke-- he can, um, he really chill out. If he put in more volume, could he do better? Yeah, but, uh, it goes to show it depends what you want to do with your brand. So making good creatives like that. So next one, you've worked hard to get here, but without stable, predictable growth, scaling becomes risky. Okay, how do I showcase, um, without stable, predictable growth, that and that scaling becomes risky? So what I thought of, hey, you worked hard to get here. I can showcase it with a stack of poker chips in terms of cash, and then be- becoming risky is me pushing the chips to the dealer as if I'm making a bet. And then, what-- next one, wrong, wrong move, efforts collapse. How can I effectively showcase everything collapsing? It's me. I'm in a hobo-looking T-shirt, right? It's really how you can showcase, uh, the script. When I said about heaven and hell, how can you show good as much as possible, and how bad can you show bad to be? So brands that solve this problem, like Gymshark, don't just survive, they thrive and exit with huge success. So for me, I just put, hey, it's a video clip of you, uh, walking through a bank. It can showcase some people getting huge stacks of money inside there. To showcase brands that thrive and have success. Next one I put is, tired of inconsistent revenue swings? Here's what been working. So this one already that, uh, I'm pretty deep in-- deeper in already. It's going deeper into, um, product aware. Here I want to be more, um-- I want to explain it a bit better instead of just, you know, putting crazy clips everywhere. So how can I showcase the benefits now? So now it's me in front of a blackboard. Grabs people's attention. Most people have not seen a blackboard in some time. One side, hey, inconsistent revenue growth, other side is stable revenue growth. How can you get from this to that? Easy to visualize. Next one, we've seen explosive growth using Facebook ads with AI-generated creatives. Then, yeah, it's more... less, less crazy stuff now. It's just going to be headshots, me explaining. I've seen this, this happened, boom! Then talking to people about AI-generated creatives. They come at crazy. Just plastered it, the AI ads over the returns on it. And then the best part, you can create these lightning speed without blowing your budget on content. How can I showcase high volumes at lightning speed the best? I said I thought of an idea. It's just a video of one ad we have in originally, and then it scales up in a great crazy, [mimicking explosion] you know, crazy ideas like this, uh, to showcase it, to really exaggerate the desire. And then next one, constant flow of fresh creatives. You're fueling the engine, more predictable. I put it, hey, tons of ad tests being launched, screenshots, revenue up, up, up, up, up. And then next one I have, tested this for seventy-eight clients, seeing steady revenue growth. Yeah, this one is just really social proof now. If they want social proof at this point, what do I do? I just show them the brands that I've worked with. Hey, we talked with these brands, all worked within thirty days, revenue got up. They don't believe me, here's what they have to say. Videos of them. Last one is just offer. Offer, keep it straightforward, keep it very simple and clean. So confident that this will work for you, we're going to do it for free for the first thirty days. Something that calls out the headline, clearly the offer. And that is the script, really. That's the script and the visuals, uh, done. The final step that you want to do here is just reflecting on it. A lot of ads fail because it's usually an execution error. So here, what you want to do is just quality check the ad to avoid this. And that might mean that you've written this script already. Okay, I usually recommend people to let it sit for a bit, take some time out to do something else, then come back at it with a fresh mind. It's time for intsp- introspection. So there's a few questions you need to ask yourself to really make sure that ad is good. 

First of all, most importantly, does the hook call out who I want, or does it showcase the problem it solves? I talked more about this in the previous hook training video, 'cause if you don't effectively target your audience in the first three seconds, everything else doesn't matter. Your ad would have failed already. So making sure that your hook calls out the audience, showcases the problem or benefit, makes people curious, et cetera, which is what we have done eventually over here in the 

final section. I call out who exactly I want, e-com brands making this, okay? Why ninety percent? Curiosity, impact, benefit, sim- overlooked problem that m- most brands make. Pair that with good visuals that are attention-grabbing, plus showcase, um, what ex- exaggerates the script I'm presenting. Failing to scale, stealing money, security guard stopping Mark Zuckerberg. Okay, these are our things. So 

next one is just reflecting. Okay, is the font legible or does it make sense for my specific persona? 'Cause sometimes you have to keep in mind, right, some of you guys are advertising to sixty-five plus, but then your editing style is so fast, they can't keep up. Or sometimes you look at it, it looks good to you. Look at it on your phone, right? Can a sixty-five plus year old actually read the text? Is it too small? A lot of times these happen, and I've seen on our team as well, hap- it-- the mistakes keep happening 'cause people don't think about this deep enough. It's very, very simple. Calls out who I want? Great. Can someone actually read this? Does it make sense for my persona? Great. Yes. As I said... Next one, does it look like something my persona sees natively? 

If my persona was sixty-five plus, and I sh- made a video for them that is like TikTok, AI, mid-journey style, they're not gonna scroll to watch it. It's gonna be like: What the heck is this? You know, making sure that you have your target persona on lock is very important. Asking yourself these questions puts you in the place of your persona. Think like them. Does this ad actually make sense to me? And the last one, is the language we use native and relatable? For example, if I have an ad selling a fitness product, and it's selling to women who want to get fit, I'm not gonna use terms like, "Hey, get, uh, big, jacked and stacked and yoked." Those like, terms you use for dudes, but then you're using it for a woman. Doesn't really make sense, right? Maybe you can say, "Hey, here's how you can get your revenge body and look snatched in thirty days." More relatable to them. So asking yourself these questions will help you avoid the execution errors, and that is the scriptwriting training, going from one market awareness stage to the other, and the steps you will take to, uh, you know, reinforce it, refine it, how to get the visuals, and then avoiding execution errors.