... All right, so in this video, we're gonna talk about how to turn your editors into A players, and I cannot begin to stress enough how important this is. And just to show you guys literal proof of this, I need to try to do this in a way that doesn't completely dox the clients, so give me two seconds. All right, this is the best I can do. Um, I'm trying to-- oh, oh, it's letting me do it. Okay, we're, we're, we're, we're locked and loaded. [chuckles] Okay, I want you guys to see. This is called EAM Bounty, and for those of you that don't know what bounties are, these are basically the editors from what I'm about to talk about, make these ads one hundred percent themselves. Okay? 

And one of these editors, and this is by the way, this has happened multiple times now, I'm just showing you the most recent one. On November second, made an ad that spent fifteen thousand dollars for one of our brands. Fifteen thousand dollars. Some of you have never even made an ad in your life, [chuckles] that has spent fifteen thousand dollars a day. And one of these editors with no other-- nobody else helped him, but he just did it all himself, made an ad that spent fifteen thousand dollars a day. This editor beat our entire team. Okay, and now we kicked his ass' cause [chuckles] we launched a new ad that took the majority of spend after. But I want you guys to understand that what I'm about to show you is, is no fucking joke, okay? So inside of here, I, I honestly think, if you ask me, this is the most valuable part of of all. I mean, that's kind of crazy to say, but if you do this, and you actually follow the strategy to turn your editor into an A player, y- I, I promise you, it will be easier to scale. The last two guys that I interviewed who hit one hundred K per day, it was them and an editor, or them, a creative strategist, and an editor. Because if you learn how to turn your editors into A players, they will print for you, and they will be so bought in, and they will literally be like... It'll feel like they're your partner, meanwhile, they're just your editor. Okay? But obviously, you're gonna learn to treat them better than that. But my point is, is I have some options up here for you to go and figure out how to get content or how your editors can go and get content. Some of you guys are still editing your own ads, so this still applies. But if you have editors, you know, here are some resources for them, um, to get content for you to, to, to bring basically your scripts to life. Okay? So there's GridBank that you can use. It's really, really cool. Um, if you guys have never heard of GridBank, you can basically just search like: "Hey, show me someone walking in snow." Like: "I need a clip of somebody walking in the snow." Well, then, great, you can just search it up, and GridBank will be able to find you all these different clips. Okay? So if you've never heard of it, great, there you go. Most of you probably have. There's also Incense, and that's this entire how to get UGC content section down here. Okay? That's what Incense is. All right, you guys can check that out too. This will take you to that. There's Arcads. Now, this is again talking about B-roll specifically. I know a lot of you guys, um, have probably heard of Arcads before, but this is- you can do AI UGC. I'm not really-- I don't endorse AI UGC. I'm not, like, the biggest fan of it. And by the way, I'm just gonna move my, my video over here, so I'm not, like, blocking, uh, the way. So there we go. I just merged over. Um, but Arcads is a way that if you wanna try to get, like, B-roll from it, you can. But anyways, that's Arcads is an option. Uh, and then source yourself. This actually is a video from Ecom Talent, so one of Carlo's videos that shows you how to basically ethically source content. There's a, a disclaimer on this as well, uh, for you- for those of you that wanna actually do this, so that's why I mentioned this. Um, and then you can film it yourself, which is zero dollars. But if you wanna learn how we [chuckles] actually got someone, or if you wanna know where this editor came from, that made an ad fully by themselves that spent fifteen K a day, it's from Ecom Talent. And this is an upsell. I mean, at the end of the day, like, if you guys can't afford ninety dollars a month for either you to learn video editing, which I wouldn't recommend, but you should basically put your editor or editors through this. Like, this is the biggest no-brainer, guys. Like, you guys have... And I'm going full screen for this, as well. Like, you guys have invested in yourself to get better, but, like, why don't you invest in your team? 

Doesn't make any sense. Like, and yet you can give someone, give your editor a world-class program for ninety dollars a month. Like, [chuckles] if you wanna do it for two months, great! Put him, put it in for two months. But at the end of the day, it's like this is going to level up your editor. You know how you see in the Wins channel, or if you're new- if you haven't seen the Wins channel yet, there's dudes doing three hundred K days, hundred K days, two hundred K days, five hundred K days, whatever it is? Your editor is gonna be in that same environment, okay, just from a different level with editing. Okay? So going back, this is called Ecom Talent, okay? You guys can go here. You can buy Ecom Talent. You get Evolve. You can use code EVOLVE10. This is Carlo. He's our creative director, and he built a program for editors, okay? You can purchase it directly right here. And now, does it not only include Ecom Talent with sixty-three modules, it includes [chuckles] Ecom Talent AI, which will show your editors how to literally make UGC fully AI. And I'm gonna pull up a tweet just 'cause I can to show you guys, like, the content that we're making with AI. Big shout-out to Carlo again, but these two clips right here, fully AI. AI number one. AI number two. Guys, this is, this is a hundred percent AI. Like, our editors are making these clips, so it's like some of you might not ever be able to get UGC of three kids in the background and a mom pregnant with toys all over the place, but we were able to do this with AI. Look even how dirty the mirror is. Like, it's so realistic. There's no way anybody will ever be able to see that this is fake, and we're using it for B-roll, okay? And this program, for ninety dollars a month, will show your editors how to do that. If that's not worth the price of admission alone, I literally don't know what is. But I'm gonna read this spiel, and then I'm gonna shut up. But, you know, I wanna make it clear that if you want to compete in today's market, and I'm gonna say it twice, 'cause it's that important, clearly. Uh, but if you want to compete in today's market-... Your editors need to be savage. It is so important to have an edit, a video editor that understands more than just executing the brief that you give them. Like, I can't, like, I can't even begin to explain to you guys how m- m- how important it is to have your editors actually trained on marketing fundamentals, on how to actually process scripts, how to read what the script is actually saying, how to complete learnings on ads and complete learnings with you to get better at making ads, okay? Because the people who are scaling to 100K days not only have editors that do the work for them, they have editors that they collaborate with, strategize with, and constantly get better. Just like how, again, you're in Evolve getting better, your editors are getting better, right? And then on top of that, as you'll see Carlo explain, this develops your editors into creative strategists. And then guess what? You can have them hire more editors to then they can manage the editors for you, and now you have someone who is a complete savage. That is exactly what happened with Carlo. Carlo is now, like, our senior growth manager. I hired him as a video editor a year and a half ago. Just so you guys have con- like, I hired Carlo a year and a half ago. Look where he is now. Imagine if I just told him, "No, Carlo, you need to be a video editor." Guess what? I would've lost him, 'cause he would've just gone and done this on his own. But I encouraged the growth, and he stepped up into the role and is doing what he is doing now. He's literally made a fucking program [chuckles] for you guys to put your editors through. That guy was an editor a year and a half ago. So you guys need to understand, like, these editors, if you give them the opportunity, can become your most savage, like, the most savage people in your business. And so, like, you can tell, like, I can't fake this shit, guys. Like, this is such an insane opportunity for you guys, like, you don't even understand. Like, we will probably start charging way more for this, and Carlo and I are meeting in 2026 to... He's actually, I'm meeting with him in a week to talk about how we need to charge more for this because, like, the value in this is overwhelming for your editors, okay? With that said, okay, poor execution is one of your... Poor execution of your brief is one of the biggest reasons why your ads fail. So if you don't have a great editor, you're competing against brand owners who do, and because Evolve helps you become savage at making scripts and briefs and learning how to do everything, right, uh, of how to, like, understand your customer, go deep, understand marketing fundamentals, all that kind of stuff, right? You need to have an editor that can also keep up with you, okay? Which is why Carlo created it, okay? I originally thought, just letting you guys know, Ecom Talent would just be something for him to make money and, like, sell editors and train editors, but I soon realized that every person in Evolve needs their editors to go through Ecom Talent to get to the same level that you are as a result of going through Evolve. Okay, so said differently, we just had this as, like, a plug. Like, "Hey, if you want your video editors to get better, go here." But I am doing you guys a disservice by not telling you to fucking do this. [chuckles] Like, do this, okay? Because if you just join this... And again, my, my whole point is, like, we're trying to give you guys even a discount, so it's usually a hundred bucks, now it's 90. But, like, if you guys actually want your editors to get better and you want to improve your hit rates, like, you need an editor. You can't- like, or even if you're doing the v- video editing, like, you need to do the video editing, okay? So I cannot stress how important this is for you guys, and if you guys wanna read more about the Ecom Talent AI and whatel- whatever else is inside there, you can, but that is my spiel. And again, I kind of just had this off to the side, but I'm telling you guys, like, this is so important. Like, so imp- like, I'm not a guy that edit, edits videos. I'm a complete idiot when it comes to editing videos. But because of Carlo and how he's trained our editors, we print bangers, like, ba- like, all the time, okay? And it's because we have great editors that can bring our scripts to life. I'm almost at the point with our editors where our editors don't even want me to recommend clips because they're, they know how to do it better. They'll be like, "Spencer, fuck, like, don't... I'm screw, screw your clip recommendation. I've got, I've got something way saucier that's gonna really tap in and show the desire." Most of your editors probably have [chuckles] no idea what a desire even is, okay? So that's my spiel. That's everything that you need to know about how to turn your editors into A players, so you can actually have an increased likelihood of hitting 100K days, and you can have a partner in crime that is right there with you, making winning ads. Okay? That's all I have to say. I'll leave it there.