... In this video, I'm gonna show you guys how to rip ads the right way. [chuckles] Okay? And, um, show you guys how we actually are able to clone ads, um, to get outputs that are honestly pretty dope, and you can literally just download them and use them if you want. Um, might even be able to have a VA do it. Obviously, you're gonna wanna QA and scrub stuff. Um, it's also gonna show you some sus shit here, too, where you literally have, like, AI-generated doctors. Do not do this. Uh, you guys are-- If you didn't watch the legal and compliance call, watch it, 'cause I'm not gonna show you guys how to catch a case. Just understand that with Care/Pod specifically, that's why it's showing doctors, because we tell the, the AI that doctors are a big part of it. Um, but the point of this is, it's just gonna give you some sauce for headlines if you guys are struggling with writing headlines or whatever it may be, okay? So first thing is, is you need to create an inspo board. So to show you guys how I've been doing this, I have twenty ads here that are pretty vetted. Um, I use this in combination with AdSpy, okay? So I'm actually, like, validating ads. So, for example, this one here from Hollow, fourteen plus hours, no swelling. I know that that's a winning ad, even though an Atrius says it was running for, like, two days, uh, because it's, it's fucking ripping over here. And so what's really cool, too, is if you guys actually want headline inspo for static ads or for, uh, whatever it is, you can actually scroll through and, depending on the niche, go look at some stuff here as well. Um, so I need XL foot and XXL. So it's like, you know, you could use this as a definition. Like, this is a, this is a fire avatar. Just so you guys know, it's like how do you do avatar e- research? Well, it's like somebody that has big calves and long legs, right? Sick avatar to talk about, who need XXL, you know, length kind of, uh, socks, okay? They're like big dudes, right? There's an avatar for you. But, um, what you g- what you're gonna do here, you can use my board. The link's gonna be down below. But you're, you're gonna basically choose the ad that you want. So I'm gonna go through and do this one. I think this is kinda cool. Actually, I might do, um... I might do this one here with Grunz. So, "In their lunchbox means veggies without the fuss." And so, um, there's gonna be a video out on my YouTube that breaks a lot of this stuff down. Um, but what you're gonna need to do is you need to create a brand. So you're gonna create a brand here, and what you can do if you want, if you're really lazy, let's just search up a random brand. I don't know what we can do. Let's maybe just do... All right, dope. Let's do Hexcloud. Says Claude, seems dope. No, I don't want twenty-five bucks off. Okay, and you're just gonna pop that in there, click Generate, and then what it's gonna do is gonna pull a logo, brand name, industry, vertical, and all this kind of shit. But then what you wanna do is you're gonna need to update the colors, 'cause clearly that's not the color. Uh, so what I use is I use a tool here called, um, ColorZilla, and then I can pick a color from the page, hover on this, automatically copies it to my clipboard, and then I go back and just paste that in. Um, or maybe it doesn't. There we go. Uh, so now I have the Hexcloud color. For fonts, put whatever your fonts are in here. I actually don't know what fonts these guys use. I do have another extension as well called WhatFont. And so if I hover on this, it's Kanela. Don't even know if that def-- it's definitely not a, a Google font. No. Fuck no. Um, so whatever. Just use whatever you want. Um, make sure you add-- There is a thing here that says, like, input your fonts, and I could say, like, Kanela three hundred, but I don't know if that's gonna do anything. And then there's tone of voice here as well. But what I recommend that you guys do is you actually open a Claude project instead, okay? And I gotta pause this just so I can pull up the, the project. And so inside of Claude, we just create a project. It's very, very easy to create a pro- project as well. Um, you basically just go into Projects here and create New, and then I just pump this full of stuff, okay? So this is our market research doc. This is breakthrough advertising PDF, stainless steel, uh, LP research, Care/Pod desire breakdown. This is our copy doc. This is our brand voice, brand manual guide. Literally everything that we need, reviews, feedback, giveaway, all that kind of stuff, okay? And then what I do is, very simply, I'm gonna go in here, and I'm just going to copy these questions. So I'm gonna say this here, and I'm just gonna copy that, paste it in, and say, "Hey, I need you to fill out and answer these questions to give another AI information on this, on Care/Pod, 

in order to help it make high-converting ads for Facebook." Okay, and then I'm just gonna paste that, like, photo in. I think I already pasted it, so cool. Um, and although it is 

not shown, I need some, um, one-word descriptions for Care/Pod's 

tone of voice. Okay. I'm gonna pop that in, and then Claude's just gonna cook and do all the work. So, um, it's gonna go through and say, "Based on my analysis, here it is." And if you guys don't have projects set up, again, you can upload your reviews, upload all this other kind of shit, and then this is what I would copy, and I would paste this into these sections here. Now, we're doing this for Hexcloud specifically, but again, if you're doing your own brand, that's how you can do it. You're then gonna go ahead and click Create Brand, and then once the brand is made, you're good to go. Okay? And so now I have Hexcloud here, and what's really dope about this too, if you guys actually go back into the Brand section over here, you can actually, uh, link this to the ad account. So I'm not gonna click this, but if I have the ad account here, I would actually add the ad account as well, um, because there's gonna be iterations and shit that you can do with Atrius as well. Atrius is super dope. Um, they're doing a lot of dope shit building their product. So, uh, here, what I would do is I would then... You know, maybe I wanna do one for, I don't know, let's just do their hybrid cookware, I guess. Whoopsie, I got the, this WhatFont shit still on, so let me just, uh, turn this off. There we go. Uh, let's go to hybrid cookware, I guess. Maybe, like, the six-piece cookware set, and I'm just gonna grab-- Fuck, I'm gonna grab this product here, and it doesn't really matter, um, but here, this is basically where you're going to describe what you want it to do.... And so we do ad brief inside of here, and as this loads up, it's gonna, boom, pop all this stuff in here. Looks like it didn't grab the images, which is kind of annoying. Um, but what we would do is we would go over here, and we would just download these images. Usually, it does it, so I'm just gonna save these images, and then I'm gonna do this one as well 'cause it's dope. And then I'll do one more here as well, so Save, and then maybe I'll do a lifestyle one 'cause we need four, so Save. Go ahead and go back over here and let's add these images. Dope! So now those are adding, and then brand colors again. Uh, we should have their color font. I don't know why Atria, like, kind of forgets it, but, um, we gotta go back and snipe this again. Looks like they actually have a red color as well, so I'm not sure if they use it in their ads. But again, ColorZilla is gonna come to the, come to the rescue here. Uh, and we're gonna do this color here. This color's sick. Okay, so that's copied, and then we're just gonna bop that in there. Okay, and then headlines, let's just use... Uh, I don't, I don't even know what they use. I mean, Calibri looks cool, so let's just use that. Uh, and this one can be bold for the headline. Okay, and you can see this is two by three ads, so you can have it choose a ratio, but this has two by three, so we're gonna pick that. And then we're gonna click Generate Image Ads. And then literally, Atria's just gonna cook, okay? And so, um, I have some examples here for you guys as well of, like, what it actually looks like. So if we get out of this, I don't know how I got in here. There we go. You can see it's gonna make eight ads. Now, this is based on a credit-based system, so, um, the credits themselves, you guys are gonna need to, like, upload on. We have a shitload because we're partners with Atria, um, so they're letting us kind of just print with this stuff. But, um, this is how you can generate ads, essentially. So I'll pause this, and then, uh, once the ad's generated, we'll run it back. All right, so that probably took, like, three minutes. Um, and here you go. Now you got eight ads. Now, some of these are trash, some of them are pretty good, honestly, if you ask me. Like, this one right here I think is sick. "The secret is in the surface." Pretty badass, right? This one over here, "Hybrid cooking made simple." Uh, this one over here, "Flawless results every time." Pretty solid. Um, this one over here, "Ultimate performance, easy cleanup." Pretty decent, right? But the point of this is, like, it gives you guys inspo, and, like, literally as hideous as some of these ads look, if you guys literally just wanted to download, like, the top three... Like, I would say my top three are probably this one here, this one here, and then this one. I think these two are, like, pretty solid, so one, two, three. I might just download those three and put that as an AI batch and let it rip, right? You know, it didn't really take me that long. But the most important thing here, because you guys are involved, is to actually leverage this for ideas, so then go and research more on. So what I might do here is I might take a look deeper into this, like, "Chefs cook easy. Home cooks, too." So maybe I might look at and do a little bit more research around, like, you know, maybe an avatar around specific home cooks that, like, wanna feel like they're cooking like Gordon Ramsay or cooking like the chefs in the restaurant. And, like, we use this as a mechanism to make them, like, feel more professional, as an example. So it's like you can basically bring the restaurant home with these pans because it's like they actually elevate the cooking experience and make cooking easier or whatever it may be. So, like, that's maybe something that I'll go do research on to try to see if that's an avatar worth going, you know, deeper into, right? "Meet the heroes of your kitchen," another kind of interesting one, kind of falls into that same thing, right? Another thing that I might look at as well is, like, this easy cleanup angle about, like, how cleaning pans are such a pain in the ass, but with HexCloud's technology, it's super easy. So I would just start going deeper into some of these things, right? And so that's kind of the whole goal, and then also, this can give you headlines, where if you want to send this to your graphic designers, they can just make the ad look better. But literally, this one here, this one there, and this one, like, three pretty clean, simple ads that probably could do well. You know what I mean? And so at the end of the day, this is how, um, our team is starting to just kind of, like, get some inspo from some of the ads, and we didn't really give much context to Atria. Like, the actual, um, brand that we added, the brand information we added is kind of trash, right? Like, you can go in and optimize this way better. Um, obviously, we're focusing on speed here and, like, trying to move fast. And so overall, you know, what I would say is, like, did Atria do a phenomenal job of, you know, maybe bringing this to life, the same kind of idea with these? Not really, because what I really like about this, and I'll actually t- kind of break this down for you guys as well like I did in the video, is, like, how we're showing the old mechanism up here of, like, stale wheat bread and fucking broccoli and just all of this being in a lunch kit and, like, the kids not touching it. You can see the kids here are actually playing with the gummy bears, and we're saying that, "Hey," we're calling, calling out parents directly, that Grunz in their lunchbox means veggies without the fuss. So it's like you don't actually get this coming home. It's like a lot of times, people send their kids to school with this lunchbox, and it comes right back looking the same. And so that might be a, an iteration that I would do. Even if I was Grunz, I'd be like, you know, "For, for those of you who send-- whose, whose, like, lunch you send comes back the same," or something like that, right? Um, "Use Grunz instead," right? "It's easy to carry. It's sixty-plus whole food ingredients, twenty-one plus vitamins and minerals." So you're gonna make better iterations and better variations by actually doing your own learnings compared to AI, right? Because as you can see, this reference ad was meh. Um, but I can show you another one as well. I think if I go back into image ads here, you can see I've done a few, and this was another one that I actually really liked for Care/Pod specifically. You can see it did more AI-generated doctors, but it said, "Forty percent of hum- humidifier owners don't clean theirs," or, like, don't clean their humidifiers. This is another inspo from Grunz that I really liked, and I was like, "Damn, that's dope!" And so, like, this actually gave me the idea to go do more research around, like, how many percentage of people actually don't clean their humidifiers? 'Cause that is interesting, and that's gonna... People are probably gonna be relatable with that and be like: "Yeah, that's me. You know, like, I don't, I don't clean my humidifier either." So, uh, this is how we're using Atria to clone ads. Uh, again, the inspo board here will be for you guys, um, with the twenty-plus ads that I validated. There's also gonna be a YouTube video I might just throw in the program for you guys as well, 'cause it was a bit of a banger. Um, but with all that said, that's everything around the cloning, and shout-out to, I don't know who said it, but somebody mentioned, like, the cloning feature was pretty c- pretty good, and it definitely is. Like, it's pretty solid to just kind of get some inspo, um, and get some ideas to go do more further research on or even potentially just use, right? This is another one right here, "Twenty-four hours pure hydration." Pretty solid ad, right? This was, uh, context from this Holosocks ad. So, uh, pretty cool if you guys optimize this. Again, the focus on it is speed, um, but this is the new clone tool inside of Atria.