... All right, guys, so in this module, we are going to get into the execution problem. And my goal with this is to hopefully help you guys understand why your ads are failing from an execution standpoint versus just the actual strategy behind it. Because as of a result of you going through this, your strategy should be really good, right? The only thing that's actually gonna be holding you back is your execution. And so hopefully, with this video, I can help you understand where some execution can go wrong and where execution is really good. And at the end of the day, try to correct your lens again on what you think good looks like. But again, the most important thing for you to do is you need to understand that you have to complete feedback loops. You have to, as a marketer, if you want to get better, you have to look at your ads that you make and remove any ego and ask yourself: "Hey, if this ad didn't work, why does, why does it suck? Better yet, why don't people like this ad? Why doesn't the customer that I was trying to go after like this ad? What- where is that gap?" Okay? 

And sometimes you might have to look at it for fifteen minutes, and yes, you're going to suck at it at first, but you need to start with that. Then, if your ad is actually working and getting some spend and giving you direction, you need to understand: why are people caring about this? What about this ad is interesting to this group of people? Like, why, why do people care about this? Why is Meta pushing this out, and why are people actually buying? You need to think from the customer perspective more than anything, okay? And so unless you do that, you are not gonna be able to get better, okay? You're not gonna be able to cle- complete feedback loops to understand why things work and why they don't. And if you wanna actually get really good at ads, you need to stop looking at just your ads, and you also need to go and look at ads that world-class marketers make, okay? Because if you can go and look at other people's winning ads that you know are working for them... Because, again, the hack to this is to just really go on to AdSpy and essentially break down and s- sort by shares, big brands, and what their, what their top ads are and what ads are getting the most amount of shares. It's gonna basically show you what the best ads are, okay? And you need to understand, like, "Oh, okay, that's what, that's what they're doing," and try to reverse engineer and be like: "Okay, well, if that's what they're doing, wait, let me look at my ads. Oh, wait, my ads are not even close to that. They actually kinda suck." Okay? And so you need to really correct your lens on what a good ad is versus, again, just completing feedback loops on your own winning ads. And you have to, again, get so into that. So before I even get into the execution problem, I do have a document that I want to get into here. I need to make sure that you are focused on completing feedback loops on your own ads, and you are also focused on studying other people's ads as well, okay? And so let's go ahead and jump in here. So when it comes to your ad, concept, angle, variation, format, testing method, right? It's the idea of your test, how you're choosing to sell the product, the individual executions of the angle or angles, how you choose to deliver your ad, and how you are testing it, marksman to sniper. Now, there's one other variable in here, and that variable is execution. And this is the biggest variable. 

How do we execute them? [chuckles] Now, this here, identifying this, you could do all of this perfectly. I mean, although variation is essentially to do with execution, but you could do all of this perfectly, and if your execution sucks, your ad can still flop. And that's frustrating because it's like: "Well, I'm con- I'm, I'm doing everything right, Spencer, but why are my ads still not working?" It's a skill issue, but that's good. At least you know that it's a skill issue, and you can work on that skill, okay? And so even though you lay all this out, your ad can still flop. And this is the part of marketing that so many marketers struggle with because they feel like they've done everything right. However, when it comes to the actual execution side of things, they've missed the mark, okay? And it is one of the hardest things, okay? And so, even worse, what some marketers actually do, which helps them stay broke for even longer, is they move on from angles or give up on angles simply due to the fact that they just don't know how to actually execute them properly. And so if you want to become a savage and you wanna scale really fast, you need to get really good at execution. Now, a lot of people in here have a base-level, you know, writing skill set, like, and everybody has the clawed to be able to write at a, you know, above-average level. But it's about understanding what good writing looks like and how to use the machines properly. Because someone who's a really great copywriter is gonna be able to use AI tools better than someone who is not a good copywriter, okay? Because they know what good looks like. And so at the end of the day, that's where, again, when I mention study other winning ads, right? Take those ads, get the scripts from them, and break them down and be like: "What are they doing here?" You've gotta learn from those other ads. And the reason why, uh, i- in this video specifically, I'm not- I don't have any of those pulled up, but I want you to understand that that is the best way for you to learn, for anybody to learn. Because I'm not in your niche, I don't know what your product is for a lot of you guys. Um, and so you need to go and look in your niche and be like: "What are the scripts that people are using at big scale, and what do those ads look like?" And now, I know a lot of you do that, but you do that from a standpoint of, like, "Oh, they're running this video ad with this hook. I'm just gonna copy that." You don't actually look at it from a lens of, like: How are they writing it, and what is that doing to the person? And the reason why I'm a broken record with this stuff is because the understanding is what actually allows you to grow and scale, okay? I know we're off-top- topic here, but it's just important whenever... Like, I need to hammer this down for you guys to understand, okay? Uh, and so at the end of the day, this brings us the most painful, however, most important lesson for all of you to know, which is the execution problem. The execution problem is basically when your angle is correct and you do understand your avatar. However, the way that you executed the ad, AKA the words you wrote and the content you used-... Very simple, right? The words you wrote and the content you used was not good enough to actually convert the customer. Now, is it more complex than this? A hundred percent, right? There's editing styles, there's all, there's all kinds of different stuff, but, uh, I've just tried to simplify it down to, A, the words that you wrote and whatever you chose to show visually was just not good enough to convert the customer, okay? It didn't, it didn't land, right? And this is where so many marketers struggle despite going deep and understanding their avatar, okay? They just don't know how to properly communicate that understanding. And so now, as a result of this training that you've gone through, you should have so many specifics and, like, one-liners from looking at all these different sub-avatars and their behaviours. And you'll notice in that training as well, I've said, like, a lot of the hooks are like, okay, I notice that someone doesn't go to or goes to the gym in the morning, um, to maybe avoid people at the gym, or, like, goes to the gym late at night to avoid people. Guess what? You can just turn that into a headline, right? "Go to the gym late to avoid everyone?" Right, so that's why I've done it this way, 'cause it's one of the simplest ways for you guys to learn how to basically write headlines and start to write hooks. Because you're just using things that are relatable, which is the best thing that you guys can do, and that's why I haven't gone overly complex. But my point is, is, like, as a result of this training, you should have very specific lines and, and quotes and sayings from your ideal customer and from your avatars that you can essentially use to piece together and write your scripts. And again, because I also have given you guys formats for images, right? I've given you guys those image templates. Basically, like, those, those are validated works. Like, those are winners. So if that ad- if the-- if you use that template and it doesn't work, there's one of two reasons why. So one, it just didn't work for, like, your product or your industry specifically, although I would kind of bet that that's probably not the reason why. The main reason is probably just because of what you put in it. Like, the way that you execute the words that you used didn't work, and I have a perfect, perfect example of this that I actually want to show. All right, so this ad right here, we actually used this ad, this template here, to create an ad for one of our brands. And we basically put, you know, photos here, and we had a headline here and another headline here, and we tested this concept, and it didn't work. And now a lot of you would be like: "Oh, this concept doesn't work," or, "This format doesn't work." Well, a month later, literally a month later, someone basically made another ad with a d- with different copy and different images, 

and it scaled to fifteen thousand dollars a day in spend. 

So was it the format, or was it the actual execution and what was inside of it? It was the latter, right? That format absolutely murdered. And so you guys are kind of eliminating variables here by using some of these proven formats that are winning. It's what you're putting inside of it and what you're showing. Again, the words that you're using and the content that you're using to show it, that's not working, okay? So you can kind of be like: "Oh, well, that's kind of nice to know," right? [chuckles] Like, if these ads don't work for you, it's probably due to what you put in them and what you showed, okay? So this is another great example. Like, this ad right here, I had someone message me, and it's like: "Oh, yeah, like, this is not working." And then literally for one of our clients, we have an exact replicate of this ad, uh, obviously not selling socks. It's a different product, where she just basically used this kind of idea of the headline and used these call-out points, and now that ad's spending seven hundred dollars a day for them. And I didn't even make it for them. I was just like: "Hey, just fill in this template and focus on these things," and they made it, and boom! And now this ad scaled them from, like, two hundred dollars a day in spend to seven hundred dollars a day in spend, right? Smaller level, but you guys can understand that, like, this will help you eliminate some of the execution problem because there's templates here for you guys to literally use that are working at scale. It's the context in here that makes it works, so you can at least know if you're testing those, it's what's inside those. Now, that doesn't mean, just as an FYI, that you should only test these ads. You can test different formats. Please do, right? But what I'm saying is, is, like, at least you know, hey, if this ad doesn't work, it's probably because I sucked. Like, what I wrote in here for my brand just didn't make sense, and that's good to know because guess what? That's one less variable that you have to worry about, okay? And so just know, at the end of the day, that's that for kind of the scripts. When you really understand your avatar, headlines come a lot more naturally, and then when you have formats like this and templates... That's not one, that's another one. [chuckles] When you have templates like this, this is where you can really, really know, like, okay, I just need to focus on what is going inside of it, and I need to just make sure that I'm using language that my customers would use, and I need to make sure that I execute it. If I need to optimize it in any way, I need to execute it a better way, okay? And so the only other thing here is when it comes to videos and when it comes to just much more copywriting in general, there's still a lot of opportunity for you to fail, and again, I don't want you to fail. However, [chuckles] just like how you are aware of avatars, I'm gonna try to make you aware of different reasons why your ads are not working, at least things that I wish somebody told me so I could use them to kind of study my ad differently. And you're gonna notice a lot of these are gonna be much more, like, about the customer. There are some other ones in here as well that aren't, but I want you to know that, like, this list of reasons why your ads are failing is hopefully going to help you get better at reviewing your ads as well. Okay, and so what I have listed below are very common reasons why your ad is not working. I don't know how many ads I've reviewed by... at this point, but at the end of the day, this is not every single reason as to why, but this is plenty enough reasons, if you ask me, that I can confidently say has led to ads failing, okay? Some of them recent, some of them from a long time ago, that still apply, but I just want you guys to know, like, this list is definitely a list that I would use, okay? So number one, your copywriting lacks emotional impact, okay? Your ad doesn't make people feel anything. You want people to feel something, and the more it feels like an internal conversation your avatar would have in their own head, the higher the emotional impact. Okay, and so even if we just go and take a look at this template, imagine we go from saying, "Lose weight" to "Lose the muffin top for good."... think about how much more specific that is and how much more relatable that is for someone who's, like, been told that they have a muffin top or knows they have a m- muffin top, right? Now, I wanna go to another example here. This one here, "Teen always grumpy?" That makes me immediately think like, gosh, like I can remember being a teenager and being grumpy, right? It makes me feel something, or it creates this visual in my head. That is a very, very powerful thing. But you need to understand that you really need to make sure people feel something, 'cause a lot of you guys write headlines that nobody cares about, okay? Like, here's another really good one here, right? "14 plus hours of no swelling." Now, this might- you might think, "Well, this doesn't really make me feel anything." I can think about, like, if I'm someone who spends all day on my feet, like I'm a construction worker, I work long days, I know what it's like to have sw- my, my, my feet swollen, right? Or, like, my legs just feel swollen. This is 14 plus hours with no swelling. That makes me feel something, right? So at the end of the day, the more that you can make people feel in your ads, usually we have found, the better. Okay? Now, you can make them feel happy, you can make them feel kind of a little bit scared, you can sometimes make them feel sad, as long as you're tying it back around. At the end of the day, your copywriting, if it lacks emotional impact, it's gonna be very hard for you to get someone really hooked in, okay? Second one: Your ad doesn't create curiosity. Curiosity is one of the most important things to leverage in execution because, without it, nobody will care to watch your ad or click through. You need to naturally give people a reason to actually care and then stop what they are doing, we're back here, and watch and click your ad, right? So you need to drive curiosity, guys, right? So if for some reason you have never heard of Nutella [laughing] and you saw this, and it said, "This is bread, this is breakfast," you might be like, "Well, what is... Like, that looks kind of good. Like, what is this?" Click. "Oh, it's this hazelnut spread that is- that looks delicious and tastes like chocolate." Well, there you go, right? It's a stupid example, but you guys get the point, okay? Your ad has to create curiosity. It has to give someone a reason to keep watching. Maybe some of you, if you're more advanced copywriters, have heard of, like, open loops. You need to give people a reason to keep watching, more importantly in the video, but even on your statics as well, right? Now, you can make bold claims in your statics, 100%, like this, "12-hour shift shoes," but even then, this creates curiosity, right? How is this a, a sh- a shift for... Like, what? Right? "I accidentally lost 12 pounds at 52." If that doesn't create curiosity, I don't know what does. [laughing] Okay? So your ad doesn't create curiosity. That's why it fails. Your ad doesn't create suspense. There's no reason for the person to keep watching your ad, and I'm just gonna add a, a little thing here that this is mainly for video. But, like, once you've hooked someone in, and this does actually apply to the website as well, but your ad doesn't create suspense, just to keep it simple. There's no reason for the person to keep watching your ad. Once you've hooked somebody in, that's only the first step. You need to maintain the suspense in order for people to continue to watch your ad. If there's no reward coming or no reason for someone to keep watching, 

then why would they keep watching? Like, I want you guys to think of MrBeast. I'm gonna give you some examples as well, but, like, MrBeast will always say, "And then, all the way at the end, we are going to, you know, light someone on fire for, for a million dollars," whatever it is, right? And so it's like, then you wanna watch the video to get to the end. Now, you don't wanna miss anything, but you're gonna keep watching until you see the end of it, right? He always kind of, like, shows... He kind of, like, creates- I, I, I don't know what the, what the actual term is in writing. I wanna say cliffhanger. It's not a cliffhanger. It's a, it's like a preview of what's to come, basically. There's a better word for it. It'll come to me at some point. But my point is, is, like, even then, like for example, I watched, uh, this golf guy. His name is Bryson DeChambeau. I don't know if he's a golfer, you guys probably know him. But he creates these YouTube videos, and he has a series called Break 50, and just that series in itself creates suspense while watching this guy play golf. You're not just watching somebody play golf. You're watching to see if he's actually going to accomplish this thing, which is break 50, which means, like, he's gonna shoot, uh, below a 50. And so that gives the, the user, as dumb as it sounds, a reason to keep watching. And in your guys' ads, you can do the same thing, right? Like, an example that I can think of right away is, you know, I- there's this great ad from 1st Phore that says, you know, "Three red flags that your child has a vitamin deficiency." Guess what? I'm gonna keep watching because even though it doesn't seem like it, and even though I didn't say, like, "Here's what's coming at the end," like a MrBeast video, you need to understand that, like, okay, well, I'm gonna get rewarded by watching this video because I'm gonna know for a fact that my kid doesn't have a vitamin deficiency, okay? And so when you guys are trying to think through, like, okay, why... You know, going back now with even just these three things and looking at your ads, you might be like, "Wow, my ad doesn't make people feel anything, it doesn't create curiosity, it's just boring, and I don't really give anybody a reason to keep watching, and there's not really any reward," and people in, in marketing would call it a payoff. There's no payoff at the end, right? There's no reason for someone to keep watching. And so that is, like, one of the most important things when it comes to video ads specifically, is, like, there has to be a reward for someone to watch this video. And guess what? A lot of you are good at getting people to watch, but then there's no actual reward. [laughing] Like, there is no payoff. And so that would be like if MrBeast, in his video, he's going, "And at the end, we're gonna light someone on fire," and then, you know, he gets through all the other stages, and then there- nobody gets lit on fire at the end, right? If he did that one time, guess what? Nobody's gonna watch his stuff anymore 'cause he just basically, uh, he clickbaited you, right? And that's where kind of, like, clickbait comes from. But, like, at the end of the day, that payoff and that reward that you give someone for watching the ad is what increases conversion rate when they actually click the ad to go and buy. Okay? Your ad is too complex. If your ad reads higher than a grade six level, it's probably going over people's heads, okay? You need to use language that more people understand, and my favorite tool for this is the Hemingway App. You guys can literally go here and look at this, just this one term, "Metabolic Gummies." This is post-graduate reading level, okay? What if I just say, "Gummies for your tummy"?... Grade three. Look at that. I go from metabolic gummies, which most people don't even know what that means, to gummies for your tummy, and all of a sudden, everybody gets it. Like, [chuckles] like think about that, right? Like, some of you guys think you're so smart, and you're using these terms that are like, "Oh, this is a fancy new mechanism," but again, it's- you have to explain it in a way that makes sense, right? And I love using AI for this because when you give your mechanism, or you give something to Hemingway like this, right, and it tells you what grade level it's at, and then you ask AI, or you ask Claude to dumb it down to a grade five or grade six level and rewrite it, right? If you guys remember, I had a gr- [chuckles] a 12-year-old definition. Why did I have that? So hopefully everybody understands it, right? So don't try to be smart. So if you take your script and put it in here, and you realise it's at a postgraduate level, you might wanna dumb down your script, and I'm telling you that actually might help it. I'm being dead serious, okay? Your ad uses empty claims. This is one of the most, like, painful things that I see all the time, is 

you just make claims with zero proof. So, for example, you say that you have the best X or you're better than Y, but you fail to provide an actual reason for people to believe. And the reason why I have actual reason actually underlined here, is because, more importantly, you fail to provide a reason that people even care about, right? Like, sometimes you guys will make an ad, like an us versus them, and it's like, "Ours has this ZTRXO1 frickin' mechan-" It's like, bruh, I don't know what that is. I don't care. [chuckles] I'd scroll. You know what I mean? Or again, you're like, "We're the best at the..." Of course, you're the best. Everybody's gonna say they're the best, right? Like, imagine if you guys saw an ad from me where I was like, "You know, I have the best e-com community." It's like, of course, I'm gonna say that. What proof do I have? It's like, well, we're number one on Skool. Well, guess what? Just by saying I'm number one on Skool, it's probably gonna make people believe that my community's pretty good. I didn't have to tell them that my community's good. I just, I just used proof. "Hey, we're number one on Skool." Probably means we're pretty good. It's like Hormozi. I sold my company. You know, I'm worth over $100 million. Probably know what I'm talking about, right? So a lot of you guys are making these claims, but it's like they're empty. Of course, you're... Of course, you're gonna say you're the best, or of course, you're gonna say that this product, that your competitor's product sucks. 'Cause this goes in the inverse, too. Don't use that product. It's like... And this gets me into, like, your bossy claims, where so many people do this as well, where it's like, I love bossy claims. I think they're the funniest, 'cause you guys literally make claims where it's like, "Stop what you're doing and watch the next five seconds," or, "Stop scrolling and watch this," right? Have these worked for some people? Sure. But at the end of the day, it's like, [scoffs] bro, you didn't give me a... Like, give me a reason to stop. Don't just tell me to stop, right? At least if you just try to do something where it's like, "If you have X thing, give me five seconds, and I'll show you how to get rid of it," all right, I'll give you five seconds. You gave me a reason. But if you're saying, "Watch these next five seconds," like, nobody's gonna... What? Why? I don't care, right? So think about this, guys. Like, a lot of you guys use these claims, and you don't even know it, but hopefully, this is bringing light to it, okay? Your ad uses repetitive claims. You ad. Your ad uses repetitive claims. If you're making the same claims the same way that your competitors are, there's no reason for y- people to believe you instead, right? Like, I saw this when I was making, uh, ads for life in the beginning. I was like, I was doing all this research, and I was like, all right, everybody wants fast hair drying without heat damage. And so what did I do? I wrote that headline. I was like, "Oh, this is gonna crush. Everybody wants it." And then one click of the Facebook ad library, I saw literally every single hair drying brand in existence was making the same claim, fast hair drying without heat damage. So it's like, [chuckles] are they gonna believe me? Probably not, right? It doesn't mean I can't find a new way to execute it, but again, if what you're saying is the same thing that everybody else is saying, why would they believe you? There's no point. So again, some of you guys are doing this stuff, and you don't realise it. Your ad has a written script and not a spoken one. This is actually some sauce here. I've got to give credit to GolfN, by the way. But this is something that so many people forget, that the way you speak is a lot different than the way you write. So if you write a script and give it to an AI for a voice-over, it's not going to sound natural. You need to make sure you upload scripts that sound spoken. So my favourite is, like, use voice-to-text or just use AI to say, "Hey, rewrite this so it sounds more spoken," right? 

So when you guys are, like, thinking... Like, sometimes when I'm reading, what if I was just like, "Your ad is written in the way that you want to write it and uses words that you use instead of using your customer..." Like, you know, there's- like, a lot of your guys' voice-overs sound like that, and it's like there's no, there's no tonality, there's no pauses, there's no ums, there's no likes or anything like that, and I'm professional of that. But at the end of the day, you guys have to understand that you need to write your scripts like they're spoken and not like they're written, okay? It shouldn't be formally written. It should be spoken. It should be loose. It should be casual, especially for a lot of you, um, and where, where you're at. I love this one: You wrote the ad for yourself. [chuckles] Your ad is written in a way that you want to write it and uses the words that you want to use instead of using customers' exact words and writing it in a way that your customers would like. Number one thing I see, like, sometimes I see ads, and I'm just like, "Why would someone buy from this?" I'm like, "This is so dumb," but it crushes because I... Guess what? I'm not the avatar. For a lot of the brands, I'm not the avatar, okay? But you need to understand that when you're writing ads, you have to write it for the person and use their language, and their words, and their tones, and their whatever they use. You can't use your own, okay? 

The angle in your ad is too broad. Now, because of the avatar training, hopefully, this is not a problem for you guys, but some of you are just making ads or writing ads in a way that are just not relatable enough. And so oftentimes, after doing this training, you just ignore the training. [chuckles] And so you do all this work, and then you go, and you're like: All right, let's go and copy Spencer's template here. And then you just- you don't even think about it. You just copy this exact same headline. You're like, you f- fully forget all of the avatar work that you did. Don't, don't be that person.... Okay? Use the training that you have, and make sure you actually use it in your, in your writing. The angle in your ad is being said by everyone else. The angle that you're going after is a very competitive angle. We already kind of touched that one. That's the sophistication, so using repetitive claims. Okay? And I will actually-- I might just leave this one separate, because ev- this is not saying you're saying it the same way. So I would just say, like, repetitive claims is a little bit different than you're using an angle that everyone else is using, because you can use the same angle that a lot of people use. But most of you probably don't have the skill set to out-market someone, right? Some of you do, and that's why you crush. But a lot of you are getting sh- slapped in the face because you don't have a great copywriting skill set. And so that's why you might need to use different angles. Or again, you better get better at saying you better get better. You need to get better at how you communicate the angle, which is copywriting, okay? The style of editing that you're using doesn't resonate with the demographic. Now, I know I say demographics don't matter. However, when it comes to consuming content, they definitely do. Okay, you might be making ads that you think look good for... as a twenty to twenty-five-year-old, or inverse. You might be fifty to sixty-five running an ad for a twenty to twenty-five-year-old, but you need to make ads for whoever the actual demographic is, okay? You need to align your lens with your customer. And I have a great example of this because we literally had a ad today where we did, like, a VSL for a twenty-five to thirty-five-year-old demographic. Now, think about that, right? A VSL just doesn't really make sense for a twenty-five-year-old. [chuckles] You know, like, the, the ads that really convert for twenty-five to thirty-year-olds are like, you know, girls sitting in their car drinking matcha, talking about the new product that they tried, right? Yet here we are trying to write this crazy educational VSL, science, visuals all over the place. You know what I'm saying? So it's just like, it's not really aligned. Now, again, if your ad is good enough, it doesn't matter really how you show it. Um, but at the end of the day, it's part of it, and I just want you guys to know that sometimes the editing style that you're using is, like, to look cool and look good, but at the end of the day, it just matters what performs. That's all that matters, okay? And the final one here is you chose a bad format. Potentially, the ad format that you chose to execute the video just wasn't the best way to execute it, right? Kind of aligned with this one, but for example, if you decided to just do a static ad, just be- you know, just because that was easy, if that format doesn't work or if that ad concept doesn't work, that doesn't mean the angle doesn't work. It just means that maybe you chose a bad format, or again, maybe the execution of how you said it just wasn't that good, okay? And so you need to test a better execution of it, right? Love this point down here. Just know that the easier the format is, the better the messaging and copy has to be. Think about how easy it is for you to make an image ad. You've got these templates, boom, you throw in a headline that Claude gives you, and you test it. Do you know how many more people are doing that? Like, I'd say at least dozens, probably hundreds, likely thousands, right? So the easier it is to do, the more everybody else does it. So just know, again, if it's very easy to do, you better be really good at it. [chuckles] All right? So I want you guys to understand that and make a mental note of that. Now, let's just get into some action items here for you guys. So it's like, okay, how do we, how do we actually go through and make sure it's not an angle problem versus an execution problem? Well, number one is you can test multiple formats per angle, right? So version A, say, say concept, concept one, you test product photography and headline format, right? Concept two, you test a static graphic design format, right? Maybe you go to, like, an us versus them or something else. And then concept three, you know, because you've gotten direction from these, you tested voiceover with B-roll, right? If all three fail, it's likely to do with your strategy. Again, f- unfortunately, for some of you, it could still be due to execution, but it-- let's just say that the way that you're executing your strategy is just not working, right? If two fail, but one provides direction, or one fails and two provide direction or whatever it is, or one of them actually wins, then it's execution, and you just need to focus on communicating it even better to get even better results. So you know the angle's there, but you just need to keep executing it better and better and better. Now, there is a point where, depending on the angle, maybe it's only so scalable, but for most of you, you don't have to worry about that. But just understand, once you find something that is kind of working, just continue to focus on the execution and saying it different with the sniper method, and obviously testing different formats. Using proven creative templates, again, before testing new avatars and angles, validate your creative execution ability using winning ad structures from your account and then similar winning ad structures from the industry as a whole. Again, again, when I say structures, I mean how you wrote the video and edited the ad itself. So technically, the format, and then just, like, how you wrote the script. If you have that, you can reuse that to test other angles that can help you with validating new avatars. But again, two important things down here: if you're testing vastly different avatars, okay, then you might need to optimize a different, again, script and a different version of ad or type of ad for it, right? So you can't just take your script and take your ad and be like, "All right, I need to remake this for this angle." Can that work? Yes, but you have to understand, think about the avatar as well. Don't just be a robot. Don't just be like, "Okay, I copy this script, and then I copy on that angle, and now we go," right? Think, "Okay, what is this angle? Who is this person seeing the ad? Would this script, if I rewrote it for this angle, actually make sense to this person?" That's what you need to do. And then number two, again, what is winning in your account is obviously not winning because you want to scale further. [chuckles] I've said this so many times, but at the end of the day, some of you guys get caught up, like, doing iterations on ads that aren't winning, right? Obviously, do iterations on ads that are, that are getting spent because there's probably something in there that if you actually just look deeper and complete feedback loops, like actual feedback loops, rather than just being like, "Let me test new hooks," you actually test real f- like, real learnings of all the things that we just talked about above and even more.... to figure out why someone cares and how you can go and understand more about that person to make a better ad, execute it better, then that's fine. But for a lot of you, you should be analyzing ads that are actually scaling further, so you can see how they were executed, so you can learn from their execution, so you can execute your own ads better. I'll say that again. Go and study other winning ads like this, right? "How, Spencer, how have you gotten so- how, how have you gotten better than most people at creating winning ads?" I just look at a ton of them. [chuckles] And then guess what? I break them down. Number one, this ad again uses clever wordplay with one simple word, "accidentally." This choice of words creates curiosity in the user of, "How does someone accidentally lose that much weight?" Or, "Must be nice. How did they do it?" Right? Okay, how can I apply that to my ads? Number two, they call out points. Again, leverage incredible visual language around blocking fat cells from forming and dissolving old fat. How can I use more visual words? How can I use words that put a picture in my brain, right? Number three, they leverage the law of unique numbers, at least that's what I call it. Notice how they say twelve pounds and fifty-two and fifty-six point four, as those numbers all help to make this ad more believable. The numbers are more random compared to ten pounds or fifty or sixty percent, which can be easily faked. Here's three learnings I took from this that I can pull from this ad that has nothing to do with really anything other than just, like, h- what it's doing to the person, right? And so now I can go and try to apply that to my ads. So if you wanna get better at writing ads, just go and study them, literally. Final one here is creative benchmarks. Now, this is gonna create a ton of copium, but just know, like, for us, twenty-five percent hook rate, try to it- try to get that. Hold rate should be thirty percent of whatever your hook rate is. So this is why it's not a flat number. It's... So for example, thirty percent of twenty-five percent is seven point five percent, okay? So that would mean if I had a hook rate of twenty-five percent, I'd wanna see at least a hold rate of eight percent. And again, the way that we calculate hold rate is not three-second plays by impressions, it's through plays by impressions. I don't know why we do it that way, uh, that's just how we do it. And then CTR is at least one percent, okay? If your ads are below these metrics, they might 

not be resonating. But again, these are soft metrics. There are ads with fifty percent hook rates that suck and ads with twenty percent hook rates that crush. So don't live or die by these. They'll be like: "Oh, uh, this didn't have a twenty-five percent hook rate. Okay, ne- need to change the hook," right? Focus on what actually matters, which is ROAS and, and CPA, okay? You can use these as a guide to help you understand if people are actually engaging with your ads and clicking through, but do not live and die by these, okay? And now two final FAQs that I had come up that I just wanna answer. If you guys have more FAQs as well, I'm happy to film a part two for this execution problem, but now I just really wanna start focusing on execution for you guys, so I can film modules of me creating this stuff live. But the question is, how long should you test a specific avatar and angle until you write off that avatar? There is no set amount, okay? With that said, if you've tested a marksman concept, because I'm just gonna try to simplify this down for you guys. If you've tested a marksman concept, so, like, you've tested, like, that angle with a bunch of- with a few different other angles, okay? But you were confident, a- and it didn't work, but you were confident in that avatar, you can definitely test a second batch using a sniper method approach to give it a true shot and try to validate it. After that, if you complete a feedback loop on the ad, and you are confident that it was an execution issue, and you're like: "Shit, I didn't create any curiosity, I didn't have any reward, I didn't have any reason for someone to keep watching, I didn't make people feel anything. Gosh! All right, I need to, I need to execute this way better," well, then you can make a third. However, you ask me, anything after three is likely just a sign that you can't execute this angle properly, and so you might just need to move on, okay? And notice here I'm saying angle, not so much avatar. When it comes to avatars, I really think you guys only should be focusing on one, maybe two avatars. Again, if you're sub one hundred K per month. If you're above one hundred K per month, then you should really still only be focusing on one and two. You just need to make sure you have avatars that are working. So if you wanna test more broad avatars in the be- or you wanna test, sorry, not broad, you just wanna do more avatar testing in the beginning, you can, but just understand that, like, the more that you stay surface level with avatars to just test them, the less that you're going to actually, you know, stand out. Because most people just test surface-level avatars. So that's why I like the idea of, like, all right, I've done the research to know, like, this is a person, this is a, a core-based avatar, c- core desire-based avatar that I really know that I can help. Now, it's just a matter of figuring out the different specifics of the sub-avatar and the specific angles, and then, more importantly, the execution that's gonna resonate with them. I don't really like seeing people go surface level with avatars and jumping from avatar to avatar. I just don't. You get rewarded for going deeper and then understanding people. Trust me on that. How many concepts should I make on an angle? If it's a losing ad, it's the same as above. If it's a winning ad, you can make as many as you want. Just be careful on iteration overload, because at some point, you can over-iterate on an angle, and you might need to take a break and focus on other angles, so you can just give your brain a reset and give it space to be creative. And so that is everything in this document around the execution problem. I hope this was helpful for you guys to understand, like, why your ads are likely sucking. I tried to make this a little bit more evergreen. There's obviously another module i- in Evolve that talks about how to, like, ask specific questions like: "Hey, was it educational? Was it entertaining? You know, did you use a label?" There's all different things there, and, like, those are gonna come later in the copywriting sections for those of you in Evolve. But for everybody else, hopefully, this helps you understand why your ads are sucking. And again, if you just wanna stop sucking at ads, two things for you to do: complete feedback loops on every ad, and go and stu- go and study other winning ads. That's literally all you need to do. Like, I'm telling you, like, you go and study other ads, and you're like: "Oh, wow! This is how they're copywriting." Even take the script and give it to Claude and say, "Claude, what are these people doing? How are they writing this script?" Guess what? Claude's probably gonna give you some pretty good information. "Oh, they're using this technique and that technique. Huh, I should try that technique." That's how you get better execution, okay? So hopefully, that makes sense, guys. Again, I hope this was helpful for you all to tie everything in. And again, execution is one of the hardest things, but guess what? It's a skill issue, and so if you just get better, all of a sudden, you start making a lot more money.