Transcribed with Cockatoo


0:00:00
All right, guys, and as I mentioned the previous video, I wasn't gonna film a video, so that means I have to film a video, but I just realized that I wanna be very clear in filling out the 2 .0, so I didn't really talk about statuses or any of that other stuff, but basically here, what the statuses mean is your statuses will always be blank, okay? And so when you guys make a copy of this, you can just delete these two columns or you can just leave it as an example if you want, but technically you should delete these columns. What you're going to do is you're gonna add your ideas in here, okay? And I always tell people don't spam a bunch of concepts in here. Think about the concepts that you put into this growth guide. Okay. 

0:00:34
Don't just go in. And sometimes I see, you know, we've got like ad idea number one, right. And then we've got ad idea number two. And then what I noticed is like my team, especially when I have, you know, five to seven people, you know, working on this is they just like spam all these ad ideas in here. And then we get on our calls to discuss which ad ideas we're going to do for the week. And I'm just like, bro, what's the best one. 

0:00:58
I'm like, bro. which one are you most confident in? And that's usually what ends up happening. And then we usually end up just picking, you know, for most of you guys, you can just do, you know, five concepts a week. 

0:01:07
That's it. 

0:01:07
There's multiple guys saying 100K days with five concepts a week. It's very doable. Obviously, you should aim for like five to 10 or 15 depending on how many you can do for you guys. So you have context, our team does 15 a week, okay? And so at the end of the day, what we're looking at here is just you first put your ideas in here. Once your ideas are in here, that's when the statuses come into play. 

0:01:28
Okay. And so again, when you're putting in ideas, it's, it's, you don't put the batch number yet. You put the batch number once it's in working. 

0:01:35
Okay. 

0:01:35
Um, and I'll explain this as well. And then from here, you should have everything filled out. So batch number just means like what batch you're on. Okay. Then you have author whose idea was it, or whose idea was the concept. You have the concept name. 

0:01:46
This can be anything. 

0:01:47
Okay. You then have the desire. And again, if you want more desires, you add the desires here. So let's just say I want to, uh, improve my REM sleep. Okay. That was another desire that we found. 

0:01:57
Guess what? Now we have that here. Boom. That's how it works. Okay. Then we have our angles angles. 

0:02:02
You just punch in manually, right? 

0:02:03
You should have everything you need to know about angles. Okay. And then from here, it's like, what are you testing? What gives you confidence? Explain why this angle, why protecting your melatonin? Why is this a good idea? 

0:02:12
Why should we spend time? doing this idea. And then I always love when my copywriters have some ideas of how they want to execute it, because then we can get real nerdy on the call and be like, Ooh, yeah, I really liked this one, but what if we had just adjusted it this way? Or what if we say this instead? Or what if we said it that way? And it's very collaborative and we have a lot of really good ideas, bouncing a lot of good ways to make sure that we execute this angle the best way that we can, especially when we're going sniper. 

0:02:35
Then we have ad format. 

0:02:36
Okay, just very simple for now, static or video. 

0:02:38
And then ad type, ideation, essentially just means like you came up with your own idea. Okay. It was an idea that you came up with from doing research, which if you're doing some avatar stuff, it's going to be an ideation. Now, when it comes from imitation, let's just say you see an ad in Atria and you see someone is targeting this person. It's like, all right, well, that's an imitation. I'm just going to imitate that ad, right? 

0:02:59
That's more imitation. And then iteration is very obvious, right? So let's just say, for example, here, we identified that melatonin production is something that is getting direction from this, you know, multiple angle test, then we do an iteration of this ad to focus on melatonin production. Okay. link to brief, this will be the Google Doc that you guys will see down below, or it can be the Mila note either or store your briefs there, link to the ad, we always like to add the ads in here. However, we just kind of use the naming schemes now. 

0:03:27
So we don't really use this as much. But I think it is viable for those of you that are obviously in apex or working with us on a on the annual basis to actually have these ads here. So we'd be like, Yeah, hey, here's my winners. And we can go in and pull them up. But even then we kind of just jump into the ad account. But it is helpful when you guys are doing learnings to review it. 

0:03:45
Because then here you guys keep track of winner, loser, and you'll notice this will show you, it'll automatically track your hit rate. It's not pretty, but automatically tracks it, okay, based off of the learnings that you're getting. And then here you should be putting in why you think the ad worked or why it didn't work. Okay. So that's that, that is how the growth guide is filled out. And so finally, to talk about the statuses, again, the statuses will remain blank until you decide let's work. 

0:04:10
So if you, if you have, and sorry, I'm, I'm breaking things. If you have a concept put out, you get on your team call, or if it's just you, you decide like, Hey, I'm going to work on this concept this week. You put it into working. 

0:04:23
Okay. 

0:04:23
So once it's in working, then, and it goes live, then guess what? 

0:04:29
You put it into learning. 

0:04:30
Okay. Once it's in learning, then once it's finished testing and it's marked as a losing ad and you process your learnings, it goes to done. Okay. Now there is a filming one here. And what that means is basically if, and I'll try to fix this for you guys. Basically, if you have a concept where it's like, you want to do a video, but it's a UGC video and you're sending it to a creator to film, we like putting that into filming. 

0:04:54
So that way we know like, Hey, we're getting the content for it. We're not. We don't really do that much anymore. Um, but if that is a system, it's fine just because we don't do it doesn't mean you can't, but just make, that's what the filming stands for. So that just means, okay, we've got this concept in filming. And then again, once it's done filming, then after that, you know, you're going to put it into working probably, or if you just launch it live after it's done, you put it into learning and there you go. 

0:05:15
Okay. And then again, once you process the learnings, only then can you mark this as done. You cannot mark things that are as done until you process learnings. Okay. And that's why it's a little bit of psychology. Like this makes it feel like it's still active and that's because it is. 

0:05:29
You haven't processed learnings yet and learnings are the most important thing. Okay. So there you go. That is how these statuses work. If you guys have questions on this again, let me know, but I just want to film one final video to make sure it was extremely polished. So you guys know how this works inside of here when it comes to adding your ideas and it comes to the statuses and everything else that goes with it.


Transcribed with Cockatoo
