Transcribed with Cockatoo


0:00:00
Alright, so now as we get to filling out the growth guide, this is going to be the final step to basically laying everything out from our research and really trying to refine things. Now, one thing I want to mention is that this is going to be kind of an awkward process to start. If this is your first time doing it, you might not know what the mass desires are. For example, some of these desires might be the same, like the idea of wanting to feel beautiful and attract others. It's kind of the same as wanting to get attention and have others compliment their hair. So, um, when you're listing out the desires, just know that it's okay if they're not 100 % accurate. 

0:00:33
Okay. 

0:00:33
Um, and just basically the whole goal is just to get our ideas into the sheet. 

0:00:39
Okay. 

0:00:39
So just remember that market desires are, I want, and remember that we cannot create desires. 

0:00:45
Okay. We can, we can only channel them. So when you're thinking of these desires, these are the, I want this, I want that. 

0:00:51
What are the bigger picture side of things? 

0:00:52
Okay. Then once we get into the features and benefits, this is a really great exercise to kind of lay everything out. And again, It might feel awkward, like for example, if I look at a one pound lightweight build, so you don't have to feel like you're getting a workout every time you dry your hair. you know, is there a matching desire to that that I have listed? Maybe not. And so maybe that's another desire that we can tap into. 

0:01:15
Or maybe this is just something that people don't really care about. But again, if we go back to the research, we know that people do like a dryer to be lightweight, right? So maybe that is something where we come back and we add another desire where it's like they just want, you know, a high quality drying experience, right? Like they wanna have the ability to dry their hair without all the hassle of typical hair dryers, right? That just might just be a different desire, you know, depending on how you wanna word it. So most importantly though, is we're listing out the product name and we're listing out all the features that it has. 

0:01:47
Again, just pulling this from our research stuff, okay? Very, very simple, 110 ,000 RPM motor, microprocessor intelligence chip, tri -color light ring, one pound lightweight build. So for example, here's one where I actually split it up by two. And this is something that you can do with some of these other features that maybe have more benefits, right? 110 ,000 RPM motor. Obviously the main goal of that, so you can dry your hair faster and get on with your day, right? 

0:02:11
The matching desire is for people that want to save time by drying their hair faster. So that's gonna be the main feature that helps them do that, right? And then if we go down to, for example, the 59 decibels of sound. So you can dry your hair at any time. of the day early in the morning with roommates or getting ready for school. Okay, they want to be healthier and have healthier shiny hair. 

0:02:30
So is that something that maybe sound is a whole new desire to be able to dry? They want to be able to dry their hair at any time of day that could be a desire. But is that a massive desire? probably not as much, right? So the whole idea is that we are just laying everything out here and trying to match this with our desires to make sure that we understand most importantly this, right? Do these features contribute to the desire that people actually want? 

0:02:55
And what are the benefits of that, right? What is the benefit to that outcome, okay? So that's features to benefits. And then finally, last but not least is avatars. So this is essentially the point where we really wanna get to understand our customer. Um, there's this video is going to be another. 

0:03:12
version of this basically that explains how to, uh, fill out this shoot, um, and identify personas. 

0:03:19
But the main goal here is to basically split this up into different personas. 

0:03:24
Okay. So for example, life in has an incredible slide deck that, um, Google puts together for them for their specific personas. So I have that listed here, but for example, here are some that I just put together, right? Women who want healthier and better looking hair, right? Very, very broad. Just people that want to feel better with their hair. 

0:03:40
Um, Women who don't want to spend the time or don't have enough time to dry their hair, right? And as you can see, as you start to lay out these avatars, you start to think with angles as well. Okay, so potentially mothers who need to dry their hair fast so they can get back to being a mom. So as that idea comes, what do you do? be doing as well is adding that down to just visual ad ideas, right? Or just overall ideas, which is down here. 

0:04:02
So let me just write this down first. All right, so here's another example, right? A mother who doesn't have time to dry her hair and style it because she's busy with kids, she's on the go and has a million things that she needs to get done, but life allows her to cut down the drying time and do so quietly, right? She won't wake up the kids, she can wake up, she can dry her hair, so it's quiet, right? Those features coming together now work together to actually build up this scenario and she can feel beautiful despite not having all the time of the day. Right. 

0:04:30
So that's just something that came from me trying to identify personas. And so the main part of this is just laying this all out, right? So women who, a woman who is health conscious and strives for overall wellbeing and healthy lifestyle, a woman that has a specific hair type, right? Thick hair, curly hair, colored hair, women who use alternative methods to dry her hair, like air drying or like the towel, a towel product, right? So basically just laying out as many personas as you can, and then really diving deep into this. So I'm going to dive a lot more deeper into How to fill this out in this video here But this is just an overview of how to get the mass desires the future the benefits and the avatars laid out I'll type a bit deeper into this and then moving forward we're going to get into actually building our first creative for this and How we can go about doing that so that is everything so far for the creative roadmap and the growth guide So make sure that when you're filling this out as well, you link the research document So for example, this should 100 % be linked here. 

0:05:27
Just do that. There you go. Make sure that And obviously the senior strategist is linked there, Kyle Little is the copywriter. And then whatever your creative strategist role is, make sure you put yourself there and same thing as a media buyer. So that is basically the start of the growth guide. Again, I'm going to have a more in -depth walkthrough for the avatars, but that is mass desires. 

0:05:50
feature, the benefits, and an overview of avatars as well, and how to just remind yourself to continue putting down your ad ideas as you're going through and filling this out.


Transcribed with Cockatoo
