00:00:00,080 --> 00:07:21,368 [Speaker 0]
... All right, now in this video, we are about to dive into angles and breaking them down. And to be honest, this has been something that has probably taken me the most amount of time to, like, really try to clarify and break down. And obviously, in the definitions video, we started talking about the difference between concepts and angles and where they come in during variations and all that kind of stuff. But in this video, we're actually just going to fully break down angles. I'm gonna show you guys how to actually take your sub-avatars that you've built, be able to try to identify some angles from them, but even if you [chuckles] aren't able to do that, I have, uh, a solution for you. So let's go ahead and jump into the screen here. And so, again, when it comes to advertising angles, if you need a reminder of the definition, again, you can go back to the definition sheet, but the core relationship, again, just identifying the two because, again, where everybody's gonna get confused here is between concepts and angle. Again, concept is the big idea. It's what you're testing. It could be formats, it could be iterations, it could be awareness levels, or again, it could be angles. Now, the angle is, again, how you choose to sell the product, and it must always be defined, okay? If your concept is anything but testing a specific angle or angles, you just need to make sure that you identify the angle so you actually have a reason for someone to actually, you know, buy your product, right? And so the average marketer's definition- or at least you just need to think about it. Because obviously when you guys are testing formats or whatever, you're giving someone a reason, but you're not really thinking that deep about it, and so my goal is to make you actually think about it. Now, the average marketer's definition of angle oftentimes has nothing, I'm gonna zoom in on that, nothing, [chuckles] to do with the customer. And that's why most people don't make good ads, okay? They are thinking about the angle, so how we're going to position the product to the customer, and they are thinking just about the idea that they want to test. So let me say that again. They aren't thinking about the angle, so how they're going to position the product to the customer. They're just more thinking about the idea that they want to test. And so a lot of the times, again, they're just thinking more about themselves than they are about the customer. And there's actually a Reddit thread here that I wanted to pull up because this one I saw, like, had a decent amount of upvotes. It was voted- or it was about a year old or whatever it is. And, uh, he was basically breaking down, like, "Here's all of my, you know, most common ad creative angles that successful brand uses or that successful brands use." And he starts going into, like, comparison ads, before and after, and problem aware, and all this kind of stuff, okay? And so here, what I want to explain to you guys is, again, and just by the way, like, in this person's defense, it's actually- it's a good post. He provided a lot of value, and everyone has their own definitions, so I don't want it to make it seem like- I don't want you guys to go to this guy's Reddit thread and call him an idiot. Like, he's not an idiot. He made a good post. But the definitions that he's choosing to use, I wouldn't agree with. And the reason why is because us versus them is a concept, okay? With an assumed broader angle of like comparison, which he actually did mention here, right? Comparison ads. But comparing what? [chuckles] Right. The what in our terms and in our definitions, again, the ones that we're choosing to use up here, the what is the angle, okay? So what are we comparing? That what is the angle or the angles, because you can also... Again, we're gonna get into different execution strategies around, like, how- like, should we test one angle for this concept, or should we test multiple? I'm going to show you guys how to do that. But again, us versus them is just a concept. It's an idea, right? But what we're actually comparing or what we're putting in the us versus them is the angle, and I want you guys to understand that, and hopefully, that makes sense. Another one here is before and after. Again, guys, this is a concept, right? "I want to test before and after." Okay, great. We are assuming some kind of broader angle, which is transformation, right? But again, transformation of what? Again, the what is the angle, okay? Problem aware ads. Great, another concept, right? This is not an angle. This is a concept. It's what we want to test. We are going to test problem aware ads, but of what problem? [chuckles] Right? The what is the angle. So I need you guys to be thinking through the problem. A lot of the times, you guys spend more time thinking about the concept and not enough time thinking about what the actual angle is going to be, when the angles is really what matters most. And the final one here is Post-it Note ads, right? This is kind of almost like a format, right? And so a lot of these times, people just- again, we chunk things up to make it easier for our brain to understand, okay? And so from here, what we're looking at is, like, Post-it Notes is basically just like a s- a, a, a format, like a native style image. Like, that's really all it is, okay? At the end of the day, there's zero consideration of, like, what are we actually writing in the Post-it Notes, right? What we write in the Post-it Notes is the angle, and what we write in the Post-it Note is more important [chuckles] than just having a Post-it Note ad. You know what I'm saying? Like, that's why if you guys have ever wondered, I'm gonna go full screen for this as well... Like, if you've ever wondered why you've tested a specific format that apparently crushes, right? You're like, "Oh, Post-it Notes are, are, are pumping right now," or like, "Oh, three reasons why are, are pumping right now." But then you test it, and it doesn't work, and you're like, "Well, what the fuck?" Well, it's because the- like, your ang- like, you didn't think about the angle. [chuckles] And the angle, like, yes, those formats do help you grab attention. They are good hooks and good headlines, which we're gonna get into, and they do help you, like, get attention. But if the angle sucks, like, no one's gonna care. No one's gonna buy from your ad because you ran a Post-it Note ad. They're not gonna be like, "Oh, this guy ran a Post-it Note ad. Like, I better go buy their product." Like, bro, it's, it's about what you're saying to them. It's about the angle. It's about what's in the ad, okay? And so that's like, even if you just stop watching this video here, [chuckles] like, hopefully that corrects your brain about, like, how you think about things, right? You know, "Oh, negative three reasons why or three reasons why you shouldn't buy is, uh, you know, ha- has been- is, is crushing for everyone right now. Like, go and test that format." Again, but if you don't think about what you're putting in the format or if you don't put a- think about what you're putting in the concept rather-... Okay? Because negative three reasons why or three reasons why you shouldn't buy is basically a concept. It's an idea that you wanna test with kind of like an assumed format, like a video format, whatever. But if you don't think about what, [laughing] what are those three reasons why they shouldn't buy, and, like, you're not thinking about the angle specifically and what it's leading to, it's not going to work, okay? And so hopefully that makes sense. This is what... Like, so many of you guys, even right now, like, if we look at the templates that I've given you guys, and you're gonna see some examples and what we're about to get into down below, like, all of those static ad templates, they work, okay? And if they're not working for you, it's because your angle and, like, what you've put into it, [chuckles] is not really working, okay? It, it's just, it's just not hitting. It's not the format or it's not the concept. It's not, it's not, it's not the style of the ad of why it's not working, it's what you've put in it, and that what, again, is the angle, okay? And so going deeper here, hopefully, hopefully, that makes sense. Okay, and now hopefully you guys are able to basically differentiate concepts from angles, and this should, again, make it easier. Just a final one here, I, I like this frame for thinking about it, which is like, concepts are, are the big idea that we want to test. So it's like concepts a lot of the times are more focused on us, like what we want to test. Like for example, even if it is an angle, like even if I want to test superlative angles or even if I want to test, for example, like something around, oh, it stops- it helps your dog stop pulling or whatever it is, right? 

00:07:21,368 --> 00:07:27,008 [Speaker 0]
The angle is then how we, like, choose to sell it on top of that. So now obviously, 

00:07:27,008 --> 00:09:56,288 [Speaker 0]
angle-focused concepts are going to be easier for us to identify the angle because we're actually thinking about it, but again, I'm gonna break this down further. But just understand, like a lot of the times, your concepts is just, like, what you want to test, and then the angles is, like, more focused on the customer, okay? So concepts most of the time are more focused on us and what we want, and then angles need to be focused on the customer and what they want, okay? So hopefully that makes sense. Now, this is where most people get confused, okay? When your concept is to test an angle or multiple angles, and in this instance, people will begin to use these terms interchangeably, okay? So concept: test, buy it for life. That's what I want to test, right? Like, that's what I was just talking about before. The angle is still buy it for life, right? And you could chunk this down further as well, which you will see. But then we have, like, another concept that's like: Oh, I want to test the sleep-deprived angle. Okay, well, the angle is sleep-deprived. People... Like, we're targeting or going after people who are sleep-deprived and maybe talking more about that angle, okay? But at the end of the day, this is why a lot of people use concept and angle interchangeably, because at times they do mean the same thing, but not all of the time, okay? So again, hopefully, as a result of this training, you'll be able to start to see that concepts can be angles, but not a hundred percent of the time, okay? And that's why, like, best practice that you'll see below is just basically whenever you write out a concept, just always think: "Okay, now how am I positioning this to the customer? How am I choosing to sell this to the customer?" That's the easiest thing that you can do, is just for every time you come up with a concept, even if you say, "I'm testing this angle," just write down again what the angle is. "Okay, the angle is this." Perfect. That's just gonna keep you in best practice. All right, so now let's jump in and look at some examples of concepts to try to identify, and you guys probably saw that I updated this here if, if you didn't already. Um, but basically here, okay, so concept is about you and your test strategy. Again, it's more internally focused. So here are some examples of concepts, right? "I want to test a video version," "I want to test us versus them," and, "I want to do an iteration." A lot of you guys say this stuff, okay, but this is not... Well, I'm actually gonna figure it out or help you guys figure this out. And then we have over here, it's like: "I want to test-- I want to, I want to test stops tossing and turning," okay? And then, "I want to test brings back your energy." Okay? And then if we take a look at this, the angle is, again, about the customer's reason to buy, so externally focused. Okay? If the concept doesn't give the customer a reason to buy, it's not an angle yet. And so I wanted to play a game with you guys where it's like, okay, video version, is this an angle or a concept? That is 

00:09:56,288 --> 00:10:37,128 [Speaker 0]
a concept. [chuckles] It does not give a customer a reason to buy. And I know this sounds dumb, but, like, this is good training for your guys' brain. So you need to identify the angle, okay? We have iteration. Is this a concept or an angle? Survey says this is not an angle. Okay? Iteration of what? [chuckles] What angle are we iterating on? Okay, there's no clear reason, so we need to identify the angle. How about stops tossing and turning? I kind of leaked it for you guys, but da, da, da, survey says this is an angle, okay? This gives a person a reason. It solves their problem, stops tossing and turning. So this is definitely more of an angle, 

00:10:37,128 --> 00:17:14,064 [Speaker 0]
okay? Us versus them, we just went through this one, so hopefully you guys can get this one right. But this is a concept, right? What about us versus them? There's no clear reason, so identify the angle. Okay? Brings back your energy. Hopefully, you guys are getting the point now, okay? This gives the person a reason to buy. This is an angle, okay? Now, if your concept is not testing an angle, you need to make sure that you specify what the angle is that you're testing. But if you, again, just want to avoid making mistakes, like I mentioned above, no matter what, just make sure you always write what the angle is, okay? So even if you write, "I want to test," you know, "helps, help stop tossing and turning," okay, that's what you want to test, just write that down and then say, "What is the angle?" Well, the angle is, you know, how it helps them stop tossing and turning. Great. Just repeat yourself, because it's gonna hammer down on the thing that matters most, which is, like, what's in it for the customer, okay? So just make sure that for every concept, you write down the angle, especially if you're newer to this, because it's just gonna help you understand things a lot better. Okay. Now, with that clear, we're gonna go deeper on angles themselves, because if you're anything like me going through this training right now, um, like, because it's your first time, you might be thinking, like: "Spencer, I get that angles are how we choose to sell the product, but at the end of the day, [chuckles] what, what does that mean, right?" It's, it's so broad, um, because even after I defined it myself and after I went through and did tons of examples, I just kept saying to myself, like, "Okay, like, but what is the angle? Like, [chuckles] how do I know what the angle is? What is the difference between an angle and not an angle? Like, why are some angles so broad, and why are some so, so specific?" And at the end of the day, the truth is, is, like, similar to avatars, angles do exist on a spectrum, right? Like, superlative angle is a very broad angle.... and we could almost say, like, that in itself is, like, definitely more of a concept, because it's, it's like superlative of what? [chuckles] Right? Like, superlative of what? It's like then, and I'm gonna show you guys an example of this as well, where it's like the actual angles or the, the, the superlatives that we wanna test are focused on different maybe benefits or features that the product has, right? And so we have, like, testing world's first doctor-designed humidifier or testing the world's, um, cleanest humidifier, whatever it is, right? And so the clean angle is, is also a different angle, and then the doctor-designed is also a different angle. And so sometimes we get into this, like, angle matrix, and it just becomes, like, really confusing for a lot of people, and that's where I was getting really confused. But to help you guys not get confused, and this is how it's been easiest for me to understand it, is like, you guys are already doing the work that you need to do to get to an angle that is going to be good for you to test, okay? Because you're identifying and you're doing all the work of building sub-avatars, at least you should have, you're essentially already discovering angles that are specific enough to relate with customers on how to sell your product. So you just, just, just to double down on this point here before we get down, so, like, you've already done it. You, you have already found the angles that you need to test. So, like, if you build a sub-avatar, you've already got your angle, so you don't need to worry about whether or not it's too broad or, like, if it's too specific. You've, you've got your angle. And so that is why I've done the training this way, because like now you don't even have to really think about it. You've just already kinda got your angles by building those sub-avatars, and that's why I mentioned, like, some of you guys have connected the dots on this. But if you haven't yet, that is why we're doing it, okay? So you don't have to think, "Okay, like, now I have these sub-avatars, and, gosh, like, what's the angle for this sub-avatar?" Like, you'll notice I didn't actually define, like, sub-avatar, and you'll notice, like, when we make ads, we don't even mention what avatar we're targeting because I don't really... Like, it, it's just, it's just kinda stored up here. Like, you don't need to consider the sub-avatar that you're targeting. You've already considered the sub-avatar because you've made the angle for that person, right? So it... Just, just to help make this very clear, it's like you do the work to identify all these sub-avatars, and because the sub-avatars are actionable and they lead to angles, well, then when you make your concept and you choose the angle, you're already considering the avatar, right? Like, you've already... Y- your angle basically is the avatar. So my point is, is like, I don't want you guys to make that one-to-one thing, like, "Oh, sub-avatar means angle." That's not true. But what I'm saying is, is like, if you analyze your sub-avatar, you will be able to find the angle. And so when you're testing your angle, you're testing your sub-avatar. So hopefully that makes sense. Now jumping back to the screen, I'm gonna show you examples of how to do that. But jumping back on the screen again, so just like how you could have a core avatar of, like, desire, wants better sleep, right? It's a desire-based core avatar, so just to make sure this is a hundred percent clear, core avatar, okay? You can pull an angle from this that is very broad, right? And you could literally just write in your ads, like, maybe the angle is, like, we're gonna help people get better sleep. So we could have, uh, a hook or a headline called Want Better Sleep, or we could have a hook or headline saying, "Feel like you're not getting enough sleep?" And what's a hook or headline? You're gonna see that down below. And the truth is, is these are actually angles, okay? These are angles that we're taking. Now, this right here is basically a different way that we're communicating this angle of like, "Okay, we're gonna explain how this helps people get better sleep." "Feel like you're not getting enough sleep?" is, like, a hook or headline. It's the way that we're actually communicating it, which I'm gonna talk about in a second. But again, that's how you're choosing to sell your product. Now, these are pretty shitty angles because of how broad they are, right? But that's why broad avatars are usually harder to sell to, because you have to use broader angles. Again, the reason why broader avatars are harder to sell to is because you're using broader angles. So some of you guys will find a, you know, your product, and you will automatically kind of create avatars when you create angles, okay? So just understand that when you are targeting angles... We've kinda done things backwards, just to give you guys context. Like, I'm gonna go full screen again because I think it's just important to, to double down on. So, like, what most people do to come up with angles is they do this: they look at their product, and they say, "Okay, what does my product do? Got it. These are, like, my features," right? And then from there, like, "What are the benefits?" Some people also just go like, "Here's my product. What are the benefits?" They don't even look at features. So it's like, "Okay, I sell a skincare product. Okay, got it. It helps make your skin clear or helps you get rid of acne," right? And then they go straight to the angle, or maybe they'll build an avatar if they think they're sophisticated about it. Like, "Oh, Sarah is a thirty-two-year-old corporate woman who has bad skin." Cool. Uh, and then [chuckles] you know, what you do is you just, you have your angle of, like, 

00:17:14,064 --> 00:23:57,703 [Speaker 0]
get better skin or, like, fix your acne, right? And then you test ads with that, and then you test it in a bunch of different formats, and you just hope that something hits. And then guess what? Ninety-nine percent of the time, it doesn't hit because that is like... You're, you're just not really thinking about the customer there. You're just being like, "I have this product. It does this. Here's the angle. Let's test it," right? That's what ninety-nine percent of people do, okay? Now, what the smart marketers do is what we've done here, okay? We start with the product, which is like, "What does my product do?" Okay? And then from there, we identify the desires, and then we go through the process of building avatars based on those desires. Again, based on what our, our product can actually deliver, too, right? We look at, what does our product do? Okay, here's the benefits. Why does someone want that benefit? Boom, desire. We identify all the desires. Then we build- you know, then we identify one core avatar or, for those of you at more scale, multiple core avatars. And then you start building all of these sub-avatars, and now all of a sudden, you've actually fully- you've gone from product to what does this person want, and, like, what are their behaviors? How do they feel about it? Like, what are their experiences? What has happened to them? And then, [chuckles] as you can see now, then we get the angle. And so now we have an angle that's actually considering the person buying the fucking product versus just, "Oh, I have product, and I wanna sell it to anybody who, who has this." But again, the truth is, is like, as I mentioned at the very beginning of this training, not this one, but, you know, earlier on, like, no matter what, every headline that you write targets an avatar. And so if your avatar is just- [chuckles] you know, or if your angle-... your headline and your angle is like, "Fix your acne," it's like, well, you're targeting anybody who wants to fix their acne, and now how relatable is that? Not really relatable, and again, that's why your ads suck. So I'm trying to help you guys understand that we're going through a few extra steps here to be able to create angles that are actually relatable and angles that are actually going to convert, and you have to consider the person if you want actionable angles. So hopefully that makes sense, okay? If you want results like the top one percent, you have to do what the top one percent basically do, or you have to think- you, you have to, like, not do what ninety-nine percent of people do, which is look at their product, find the benefits, and just, like, come up with angles that don't even c- you're not even considering the person. You're just like: How do I sell my shit? Whereas this process that we went through with building avatars, building sub-avatars, and now getting to the process where we identify the angles from those sub-avatars, you're gonna have way more effective angles to actually make ads that can then scale, okay? And so hopefully that makes sense. Now, just jumping back in the sheet here, again, down below, we're gonna go through, um, how to extract angles from your sub-avatars. That is the final piece to this. But if we take a look at the headlines and hooks here, because I just wanna make a quick, a quick little, uh, uh, side quest or a quick little side point, is that headlines and hooks are very, very important for you guys to understand. They weren't in the initial de- initial definition sheet for this specifically, but I will likely define these later, um, especially in the, like, actual writing part of things. But now, before getting into those examples of extracting avatars, I also want to explain one other final thing of importance, which is what I did with the above, okay? So, "Feel like you're not getting enough sleep?" This kind of headline or hook that I wrote up here, this is something that we would call a hook or a headline, or some boomers, [laughing] if you're a boomer, I love it. Uh, some boomers call them leads. That's like old-school marketing. But the hook or headline is how we get attention to sell the product, okay? So it's basically how we're communicating the angle, right? Now, until you get to a more advanced level, your hook or headline should always be more direct instead of indirect. And now what do I mean by direct over indirect? What I mean by this is, like, if your angle is like, "Okay, we're gonna talk about how our product h- helps you- helps people with..." You know, it stops swelling, well, the hook should just be, like, "Fourteen hours, no swelling," right? This just directly communicates the angle. If your angle is, "Keeps you full like a meal," right? And so if you're wondering, "W- hey, Spencer, like, where are you getting these from?" These are actually coming from these winning ad concepts here, "Fourteen plus hours, no swelling," okay? And then if we take a look at this one here, where it's like, "This is a meal, not a protein shake," well, if we get back into what we're trying to get into, which is this over here, keeps- what's the angle of this specific ad? It's probably... I don't know the Huel team. I didn't make this ad, but I'm assuming the angle here is, like, it keeps you full like a meal. So the hook, the headline, right, is, "This is a meal, not a protein shake." The hook directly communicates the angle. Again, angle: stops you from snapping at people, okay? Hook: five minutes to install, no more snapping. This hook directly communicates the angle, okay? And so as a junior writer, these are much easier hooks and headlines to write because you're not having to, like, go and do a bunch of extra shit, okay? We cover those extra shit, those more advanced strategies, later on in Evolve. But at the end of the day, like, you just really wanna start with communicating directly first, and then kind of getting into more advanced strategies later, okay? And so if we take a look at-- even if you guys want, like, one more example here, you know, I ac- I accidentally lost twelve pounds at fifty-two. What I love about this is the angle here is obs- obviously more around losing weight, but again, they've gone into some more specifics here by... through the sub-avatar. So it's not just, like, losing weight. Desire is not just losing weight; it's losing weight at a specific age, right, and losing a s- a specific amount of weight, right? And then they're also getting deeper into what the actual mechanisms do in this ad, which is, like, blocking fat cells, dissolving old fat cells, right? How it reduces belly fat, whatever it is. But my point is, is, like, the angle here is obviously more around losing weight, but the hook or headline of how they did it for the specific sub-avatar that they're targeting here is written out, okay? So hopefully that makes sense. Um, now, again, with additional context provided, and this one, just so you know, is, like, definitely more of an advanced thing. Here's a, here's a better example for you guys, which is, like, teen always grumpy. I love this, right? Who's the sub-avatar here? Probably a parent that has a teen that is very moody, like, their teen is very moody, right? And so how do they communicate to that sub-avatar? They literally just say, "Teen, teen always grumpy." This is very direct, okay? Hopefully, that makes sense. Now, with the additional context provided on hooks and headlines, there's just a quick little side quest there. Um, the key to extracting angles from sub-avatars is simple: keep them actionable, okay? Angles, again, as we discussed above, they're limitless regarding what your product can do. So there are so many different angles that you can go down. But as long as your angles are actionable, writing will become much easier, and aga- again, what is the goal? Again, this is something that I have constantly 

00:23:57,704 --> 00:25:04,252 [Speaker 0]
been asking myself, which is, why are we doing this? [chuckles] Spencer, why, why are we going through all these docs? Why are we-- like, what is the point of sub-avatars and angles? It's like, the whole goal of this is to make writing winning ads easier. We're doing a bunch of work up front, and we're learning a bunch of things, so we can just write more winning ads. That's it. Just becomes easier to us, okay? And so some examples of mining angles from avatars, let's take a look here. So nose- the nose strip sleeper, okay? So desire, wants restorative sleep. Behavior, wears nose strips to bed to force breathing through his nose or through their nose, okay? An angle that we would likely target this sub-avatar with is better than nose strips, okay? Like, we're gonna talk about how our product is better than nose strips. Now, how did I get that? Okay, well, step one, I looked at the desire, which is what he wants or what they want.... Okay? Step two, I looked at the behavior, [chuckles] and you guys, I was trying to hide the AI part, but we're gonna get there, I promise. Focus on the manual stuff first. So step two, I looked at the behavior, so what he currently does or what they currently do 

00:25:04,252 --> 00:31:38,219 [Speaker 0]
to try to get that desire. And then step three, I identified the gap that this sub-avatar has. Okay, so they're exhibiting a specific behavior, wearing nose strips, okay, to get better sleep, but they still want more restorative sleep, right? Therefore, the angle of better than nose strips is a potential angle that I can pull from this. Okay? Now, again, if this is, like, confusing to you, luckily for you, we live in a world with AI, but I would encourage you guys to try to go through a few of your sub-avatars and try to identify the angles. Just try to break it down step by step. Okay, desire, they want sleep. I've got it. Okay, that makes sense. I know that in the back of my head- in the back of my mind. Now, the behavior, it's like, what are they doing? Well, they're wearing nose strips. Um, they also have probably had a product experience with nose strips. Obviously, that's an as- assumption because they're wearing nose strips, but at the end of the day, if this is what they're doing, another potential angle that I could, you know, I could pull from this, someone who's actually having a great experience or saw that, you know, wearing nose strips act- wearing nose strips actually improved their sleep. Another angle, rather than better than nose strips, where it's like an angle could be like, this combined with nose strips will give you the best sleep of your life, right? So we talk about how we're kind of combining other mechanisms to get the best sleep of, of your life, which is, again, that's the desire. It's what they want, right? And so, again, if you're confused by this, try to just go through and, and extract some angles from the sub-avatars that you've created, but if you've struggled with that, I have a very good prompt for you, okay? And so what this means is that we don't have to manually go through and extract these angles from all of our sub-avatars because, again, there are sometimes multiple angles living in this sub-avatar, right? And we're gonna get into that, into, like, the execution side of things. But at the end of the day, uh, AI can likely do it much better than us, um, and it can be a tool to help you guys find actual angles. And now the most important thing here is, like, I don't want you guys to al- be over-reliant on avatars or blind- or, sorry, blindly trusting AI, sorry, or overly reliant on AI, because a lot of times AI can actually give you... As much as it can give you really good stuff, if you have good prompts, sometimes it can give you bad stuff as well. Okay, and so if we take a look at one of the ad or the prompt that you guys are going to have, it's a PDF, you can download it, there's a lot of stuff in it, um [chuckles], there's a lot of context, and so the point is, is you're gonna upload that PDF into, into Claude. I like Claude for writing, so I always use Claude. You can use ChatGPT if you want, but as you can see here, I actually got a compliment from Claude. Thank you, Claude. Um, it's, it's got the distinction between concept and angle. Um, it's gonna be ready to generate angles for me based on my sub-avatar. And what you need to do is you need to update your or upload your product information, and you need to upload at least one sub-avatar profile. Now, it's gonna say I need their core desire, their pain points, their behaviors, emotional, whatever, but this is just any sub-avatars that you built. It... You don't need to have every single one of these. It's just, hey, you can notice in my sub-avatar here, I literally only have two things. I have desire and behavior. That's it, right? So you can have more, um, surface-level kind of sub-avatars, or you could have very in-depth sub-avatars. Ei- either way, um, what we're going to get into here is just giving this to Claude. Okay, and so once he drops that in, or once you drop that in, it's going to actually give you the angles. And so what I did was I pasted in, uh, one of my sub-avatars, which is, um, the no-screener. So this is someone who wants restorative sleep and has no s- and basically doesn't use screens one hour before sleeping, and then I gave Claude all of my product information, and this is what it spit, this is what it spit out, okay? Total blackout blinds, the no-screener avatar. It's gonna give you a reminder here, that priority note, you do not have to test each angle separately. Test the number one hook from the number one angle first, and if it carries... because it carries the most emotional weight, again, this AI is trained to, like, focus on spotting the best angles possible. Um, and then you can layer in, you know, the supporting benefits from other angles in your copy or whatever, but just know that, like, we're gonna get into the actual execution, so how to, how to actually execute these angles and put them into ads. We're, we're gonna get to that. That's why you guys are watching these videos kind of in sequence. But here we have angle one, which is, "Your discipline is being wasted." That is, like, that is a sick angle, okay? And you'll notice with a lot of these angles is, again, they're actionable. This could almost be a headline in itself or a hook in itself, right? So what it's gonna do, it's gonna give a reason to buy. So you're disciplined enough to put your phone away an hour before bed, but light pollution is destroying the melatonin production you're working so hard to protect, so your efforts are being sabotaged. This is almost a script right here. [chuckles] Okay? So you guys could take this and ask Claude to, like, pump it more into a script, and again, I'm gonna have scriptwriting, uh, things coming. But at the end of the day, hook number one here, "No screens for one hour, no light for eight hours," inspired by this specific ad. So in this prompt, I've actually given it, uh, just a couple of ads, um, and basically, it's going to help give you guys some headlines as well because, again, we're trying to, like, get this moving forward, right? Hook number two: "You quit the screens, now quit the light." That is like, that is just a sick, sick headline, okay? Sick hook. And now you guys could see how this is all coming together, right? Here is the headline that we wrote for the avatar that has a behavior of, like, not using their screen before bed because they want to get better sleep, right? And y- you can see, like, how this is all coming together and how much more powerful of an angle and how much more powerful of a headline this is versus just starting with your product. You might not ever, ever write this headline if you're just looking at your product, but if you're looking at the actual avatars and the people that you're trying to sell to, all of a sudden, writing this headline with an AI becomes very easy. An AI would likely never write this headline for you, unless you actually gave it the context to write it, which we have done.... I love this headline. [chuckles] Like, it's just, it's sick! Okay? Then we have hook number three, which is five minutes to install, 0% of your discipline wasted. Got inspired by this angle again, okay? Angle number two: complete your sleep protocol. This is the second strongest reason to buy. You've already done the hard part, controlling your behavior. This is the final environmental piece that matches your commitment level, so stop using casual solutions for serious discipline. Okay, so hook number one: you control the screens, we control the light. I'm adding "we" in there, but, like, [chuckles] that is sick! Okay? This- that's, that's a great... It's a great hook. It's a great headline, right? Hook number two: no screens equals discipline; no light equals results. 

00:31:38,219 --> 00:31:48,540 [Speaker 0]
This isn't a curtain, this is a sleep protocol, right? Inspired by this is a meal, not a protein shake. So you'll see it's actually referencing specific ads that are in the prompt as well. 

00:31:48,540 --> 00:32:05,139 [Speaker 0]
Protect your melatonin production. Third priority, you're avoiding screens to preserve melatonin, but morning light is spiking cortisol and destroying the same melatonin production before you even wake up. Hook number one: 0% blue light at night, 0% sunrise light in, or sunlight in the morning.

00:32:07,959 --> 00:32:21,560 [Speaker 0]
 Pretty sick. [laughing] This is pretty sick, guys. Like, I'm smiling because I just think these are dope. Uh, hook number two: blocks 100% of light, protects 100% of melatonin. 

00:32:21,560 --> 00:34:31,880 [Speaker 0]
Pretty fire. You protect it at night, this protects it at dawn. This is gonna give you a testing priority. Start with angle, angle one, hook one: no screens for one hour, no light for eight hours. This hits the core frustration. They're already making, um, you know, they're already making sacrifices, and this validates their effort while showing them the missing piece, the timeline. Uh, contrast, one-hour discipline, eight hours of protection, makes the, the value obvious. Uh, if that hook performs, run, run variations of angle one. If it doesn't hit, pivot to angle two, hook three, or whatever it is. Okay? It's gonna tell you to do this, but, um, you could take this if you want, but again, we're running three, two, two, so a lot of you guys could actually just run these three hooks, okay? And my goal with this is, again, like, I want you guys to try to, like, test ads while you're going through this stuff. But at the end of the day, like, this is just to get you thinking. At every point in this stage, I'm trying to help you guys see how this can be turned into ads. Now, again, these are just headlines. They're not entire scripts, they're not entire videos. But at the end of the day, I want you guys to start thinking about how these can be turned into potential ads, and in potential hooks, and into potential headlines, okay? And so with this, this is where what we're gonna get into is showing you guys how to actually organize these and start testing them, okay? Using different strategies that we're about to get into, okay? So I hope that this video was valuable and ended up being... I'm looking- every time I look over here, it's just to make sure I'm, like, keeping track of time because I start yapping, and I get carried away. But another thirty minutes of context here [chuckles] around, like, how to find angles, which are the most important thing for when making ads. You need to make sure that every single ad that you make has an angle. And so I'm pumped about this for you guys because, like, it has taken me a long time. This is what we've been doing. It's just, like, a lot of times, w- we just haven't documented it, and we haven't been fully aware of it. But, like, this is how we make ads that scale to massive scale. [chuckles] You know, spending that- at peak, we've spent, you know, $100,000 per day, right? Um, and so I want you guys to understand, like, how we're doing this, and, like, this is what is happening. And now with AI, it actually makes it easier for you guys to kind of, like, almost have us write these headlines, and write these hooks, and identify these angles for you. So hope this makes sense. I hope you're as excited as I am, and I hope these help you make more winning ads.