Transcribed with Cockatoo


0:00:00
All right guys, so as you can see by looking at this video, you're gonna probably notice that there are two links now and there's two growth guides. So if you're brand new here, this will make sense in a second or this is why I'm filming this for you. If you're an existing member here, this is more of an update. But essentially we have optimized how we have structured the how to plan ads and the how to make ads, okay? We've realized that before our how to make ads section was not how to make ads, it was just how to plan them. Okay, and so you'll notice here that the how to make out section has become a lot more condensed. 

0:00:32
And we are about to blow this thing up. So wait on that. But the how to plan out section is where I need to start also giving you guys an update on what is going on. So there are two things that are happening. The reason why there's been a bit of delay on this is because we are in the process of potentially changing the way that we use the growth guide not not like, not the idea of it, but ultimately how it functions. Okay. 

0:00:55
And so for those of you that don't know, again, there is a massive brand new avatar training that is essentially changing the way that we create ads and changing the way that we think about ads. When it comes to planning the ads, you'll notice that these are brand new modules that are essentially a carryover of this avatar training. And so when you come into how to plan ads, you need to understand the ad definitions, you need to understand how to come up with the angles, you need to understand the different types of testing methods, and you also need to understand how it all gets put together, so then that way you can put together concepts. But now, where do you put those concepts? Well, you'll notice here that we have the original growth guide 1 .0. Okay, and so here, we have a pretty solid And just so you guys understand, this is the system we still use at the agency. 

0:01:35
We've just optimized it slightly to focus on what we focus on. But at the end of the day, there's still the ad concept, there's still desire, there's still what are you testing, there's awareness levels here, there's ad type, ad format, link to brief, link to ad results and learnings, okay? But what you'll notice about this is that desires have their own section. We then have a feature to benefit section that then goes to a desire. We then have an awareness level section. We then have a creator section. 

0:01:59
And basically, 

0:02:00
what ended up happening as a result of like using this every single day, every single week, we noticed that a lot of our team, and this is where we're also gonna be getting feedback from you guys involved, weren't really using the creator awareness or feature desire section, you guys were, and desires I have a comment on, but like they were just kind of filling this out and then like that was it, the rest of the time was just spent in here. 

0:02:19
Okay. And really, when we look at this growth guide, we were basically using this for a few things. So one is the author. So whose idea is it? Because we want to track hit rate by ideation. We then had, what is the concept? 

0:02:29
We didn't usually would put together a desire, but because of how you're just focused on making ads, sometimes this just goes on the back burner and people don't even fill this out. But what we noticed that a lot of people put intention is where it's like, okay, what are we creating? And what are we testing? Now, awareness level is definitely something to consider. Ad type is still the same, format is still the same. But essentially what I've done here is I've simplified the growth guide down to this 2 .0 version, which we're still beta testing. 

0:02:52
And again, this might still change as well. We might move this to a more visual method too. But I wanted to show you what the 2 .0 growth guide looks like because it is much, much, much more congruent with this avatar training when it comes to even identifying new mechanisms, new information, and most specifically the new identities, which is this Evolve training. Okay, so how you go through the evolved training to build core avatars, build sub avatars, and then create those angles and then identify the testing methods that you wanna use to ultimately get to the point where again, you've planned your ads so you have concepts that you're ready to basically deploy. And so in the 2 .0 version, we've just simplified this down, or at least I have, I've simplified it down a ton. And this is where I need your guys' feedback to let me know, and I'll probably be doing a Q &A about this on this soon. 

0:03:36
And so if you're brand new, obviously this video should hopefully be gone and there should be a fully polished version, but I'm filming this while we're in this transition process to keep you guys updated where we still have Author, we still have Ad Concept, we still have Desire, because Desire does play a very big point. 

0:03:50
However, we might be optimizing this to Desire -based core avatar. 

0:03:55
okay? 

0:03:56
But... We're just gonna keep it as desire for now. And then we also have adjusted this from angle to angles, because as I've mentioned in this training, especially in the definition and especially in the angle side, how important it is to come up with angles. And so if we, again, are back in the 2 .0 version here, you'll notice that we still have the desire section, but the only section that we have left here now is angles. You'll notice that there is no avatars, awareness creators, or any of that kind of stuff. And ultimately what we're kind of doing here as well is, for some of our brands, just hiding these columns, and just having Okay, let's start with the desire, who is a sub avatar? 

0:04:30
And what is that angle? And then from there, basically taking these angles and saying, Okay, well, either we're going to and it would be nice to have this fully structured in here, but you can't select multiple these, I don't really care. So we just made a text. But now say, Okay, what are we targeting? Okay, sub avatar test, sub ever test, sub avatar test of what? Okay, well, of this desire, and based off of these angles, and these three sub sub avatars, okay, great. 

0:04:53
And then from there, if we're going more sniper approach, and you'll notice that we don't even have sniper approach on here either, we might get to that. But here, we're also, you know, saying like, we're just going to target one angle here. And so it becomes very obvious, like what's a marksman versus what's a sniper approach. But at the end of the day, this is a sniper approach, right? And if you if you don't know what I'm talking about, I talked about that here in these three modules about the testing process. But then most importantly, we're still saying like, what are you testing? 

0:05:17
And what gives you confidence that this test will improve overall performance. And you'll notice kind of like, we're still providing context, here's what we think and here's why. And then we have ad format. And now ad format is another section that we are likely going to be optimizing. Because again, if we go down into some of the new modules around ad formats that you can use, we're not really just saying video image anymore, we want to get more specific. So is this a voiceover with B roll, subtitles with B roll slideshow, authentic UGC? 

0:05:43
Are we doing professional shot video, we don't do animation with this static graph design, what are we doing? 

0:05:48
Right? And so we're likely going to be more but for now it's just still static video. Promo just means like you're doing a promotion ad. So if you're like Black Friday sale ads, well, that's a promo ad. Okay. 

0:05:57
And then here we have ideation, iteration, imitation. This is not changing. This is still important to track. Like, hey, was this our own idea? Did we, are we replicating this app? What are we doing? 

0:06:07
Although this is kind of soft as well, we might be changing this too, but again, we'll talk about that. And then we have link to brief, link to add, results and learnings are still the same. The big, big, big difference here is that it's only desires and angles, and we've kind of gotten rid of everything else, okay? Because we just noticed like, these are the things that we use the most. Some of the other things just sit there, and they're just kind of floating in the air. Now you'll notice there is no awareness level here, and we haven't even talked about awareness level in the new training sections, but we are gonna get to that point because awareness levels, Yes, they're a strategy for testing, but it's more comes down to how you choose to execute the ad, okay? 

0:06:39
And so you can have someone who's a night shift worker, right? 

0:06:43
And you could do an awareness level test, and then the angle is gonna be, you know, sleeping better during the day, but we could actually here be taking three different swings from an execution standpoint of testing someone who's like very product aware, someone who's just like problem aware, or someone who is just unaware that their sleep is even a problem. Right. And so that's where it comes down to more of the execution side. And again, we're going to get to that because there's so much more advanced stuff from the execution side when it comes to awareness levels, when it comes to headline, how to write headlines, when it comes to different types of psychologies and different versions of self and valence and intensity and all that insane stuff, because I want you guys to understand that. 

0:07:19
I think you guys might not be able to see it, but breakthrough advertising that's down there. 

0:07:23
Um, It's a copywriting book. 

0:07:25
Okay. 

0:07:25
And so we need, we're going to implement that stuff again in the how to make ads section down here, which is going to be the copywriting side itself. Okay. But I just want to let you guys know that this is kind of the 2 .0 growth guide. There's also a serial road map here. This is basically for any of you guys that want to test advertorials or listicles or new offers or anything like that. stuff, you kind of keep that here. 

0:07:46
And that's for your CRO team. And then we still have the 2025 2024 calendar, which there's visual or modules in here of like how that works. So I'm not gonna explain that. But long story short, I just wanted to make an updated video for the how to plan ad section. So you guys have the choice where if like, hey, if you know what, if you just want to do the 1 .0 growth guide, all of these modules down here are going to show you kind of how to fill out the 1 .0. And And these are, again, just so you understand, these are filmed like five or six months ago, and they're still relevant. 

0:08:14
Some of these are a little bit older, but they're still relevant. But just know that we, based off of your guys' feedback, based off of your guys' data, and based off of how we plan and how we structure things moving into 2026, we are probably gonna move to a brand new 2 .0 version, but I wanted to get this in here so you guys have something that's more congruent with the Avatar training. Because if you've gone through the Avatar training, and then you get here, you're like, what the hell is all this stuff? It's just because it's being updated as we go. So I just wanted to explain that. And by the way, I'm not tricking you here, guys. 

0:08:43
There's no right or wrong way to do it. If you've been through the avatar training and you want something that's more congruent, just go with 2 .0. If you haven't been through the avatar training, You probably should. Um, but, but just say, for example, you're already using 1 .1 .0 and you like it and you want to just go down the traditional evolve strategies and methods about like features to benefits awareness levels, all this stuff still applies guys. It's just the way that we're applying it is a little bit different. So if you want to go through the traditional one, choose the 1 .0, watch these modules. 

0:09:08
If you want to do the newer one, obviously you need to watch the avatar modules, but then you can do the 2 .0 and you should be able to know how to fill it out. Okay. So I'm going to film one kind of hybrid video about how to fill it out. Actually, I don't even think I need to, because you guys can see. how this is filled out, sub avatar tests, angles, et cetera. You get, you guys get the whole point. 

0:09:25
So I'm not, I'm not going to yap for another 15 minutes about how to fill it out. So just to be clear for anybody that's watching this video, the how to fill out the creative roadmap, part one and part two is for 1 .0. What you just watched right now is for 2 .0. It's, it's pretty simple. self -explanatory. So if you've gone through the avatar training, you want a growth guide that's congruent with what you just learned, use 2 .0. 

0:09:47
Hopefully that makes sense. If you guys have questions, please tag me in the discord. I know we're in a bit of a transition phase. A lot of you guys are brand new. A lot of you guys have been here for way too long. You guys are OG as hell. 

0:09:58
Just please give me the feedback in the discord. If you are confused, if you're trying to sort through this stuff, 1 .0, 2 .0, potato, patata, what does it mean? If you guys have questions, please let me know. Okay, thank you guys.


Transcribed with Cockatoo
