We've made millions with this one sale campaign structure alone that's so easy I can close my eyes and still chat scale. So if all the upcoming sales you have whether it's Mother's Day sale, Memorial Day sale is upcoming, BFCM whatnot, we have used this campaign structure for a few years now and it's never let us down. Even here this one campaign alone has made us 700k in about one month and I'm gonna teach you how we do it for all the sales we have whether it's Valentine's Day or whatever it is and it's super easy to set up. First of all, you only have one campaign running for your sale campaign and in this one campaign you will have three ad sets. It will be a broad campaign ad set, a warm 60 ad set and a hot 90 ad set. So what this is, it's basically broad refers to just age and gender targeting. No look likes, no interest, just age and gender and country of course. Middle of funnel, bottom of funnel, these are your re-targeting ad sets. Regularly, I will not do retargeting. It has not really worked that well for us. But for sale periods, we found that it actually is very helpful to have it. We don't really care about returning customers for sale periods. We want them to purchase. So this is the time to run your retargeting campaigns. So Warm60 refers to just people middle of funnel. Facebook, Instagram page engages video viewers. funnel, these are the 3 audiences I would target, as well as exclusions for a bundle or funnel. I don't want to mix my middle or funnel and bundle or funnel, I want to keep that separate. And for a bundle or funnel, it's whatever we excluded previously, add the cards, initial checkouts, view content, and website visitors. This is the setup, it's all in one CBO campaign, set it as high as you want. So this way, it's very simple to run because Facebook will allocate budget to wherever it thinks it's gonna do the best. Broad, retargeting, wherever. I don't really care where it allocates to. You allocate to wherever it is doing the best. All I gotta do, put the grace inside once, check scale, close my eyes, make money. Super simple. Okay, let me go teach you how to actually create those retargeting audiences if you don't know how to. So let's say the Facebook page engages and whatnot. Okay, so if you go to the audiences tab which is on the hamburger icon on the left all tools you can look at audiences click create audience custom audience so you can create your warm 61st facebook page go in here click and then you can go instagram account okay do the same thing instagram accounts do last 60 days audience retention set it as default no worries you can limit whatever you want instagram I got this last 60 days. Facebook, page, Instagram account, same thing, video viewers as well. Same thing, choose engagement type. I like to do video viewers 95%. 95% select the videos on this retention that 60 days as for the selecting videos part. I won't do it here. I don't want to dox. But what you can do is just select all the videos that you have read as ads or just organic content. have views already. Typically I like to run any video that has over a thousand views. I just select it all. You will have a bunch of different videos at the end. Let's name it video viewers 95%. 60 days. That's it. And how would you plug it into your campaign under here? Scroll down. Custom audiences include Instagram, Facebook, video viewers. the search rate and then you can set up your bottom of unknown ones bottom of unknown ones create audience custom audience website you'll be able to find all of your events here website visitors view content in check out all of them all here this is hot 90 let's say it's website visitors website visitors 90 days click create audience and you can plug it in the same way as exclusions as well you can just exclude it bottom here this is pretty much the setup for the campaign. Super simple. It helped us go from 10k to 70k per day in 24 hours for one of our clients. As for the creatives, what creatives should you actually create? Great question. Silk creatives are very very simple since they are most aware. All you need to do is create a graphic from the offer. Just put your product image offer. That's pretty much it. We found what works well also. Just take your best existing videos, best existing images. Just put a banner on it. Let's say this one is our best-of-forming video. Put a sale here. Black Friday sale. Whatever sale it is. Very very simple. Just put banners on your best-of-forming ads. Of course you can create extra stakes just for the sale or actual videos just for it. It doesn't have extra ad-hons. But very very simple. All you have to do is just announce the sale, show your product. It's not too complicated. The last step. Now that you have known how to set up your sale campaign, You know how to set up your sale creatives? How do you actually scale it up? It's a good question. Right, regularly we will scale only 20% or double the budget if performance is very good. But let's say if you're a brand that's spending a lot of money, expecting maybe $3,000 a day or more, you can definitely scale more aggressively. You can start self-scaling. By the way, I have this in a text form as well if you want to see the text version. All we do is self-scaling. Saya hanya akan mempunyai untuk membuat Kita periksa, bergantung pada perjalanan masa, dan lihat bergantung pada berapa banyak yang anda bergantung. Jika anda melakukan kurang 50k per hari, anda boleh periksa setiap 4 jam, berjalan setiap 4 jam. Itu bagus. 6-8 jam, ia baik juga. Bukan masalah. Jadi, mari kita katakan kalau selama 4 jam, keputusan berkumpul 50% ke 100% di atas KPI. Kita katakan anda mencari 2x tapi anda dapat 3x-4x. Anda dapat menghubungi budget. Jika hanya 20% ke 50% di atas KPI, keputusan berkumpul 20%. Jika keputusan KPI, Kita biarkan ia berada anda dapat menggantikan budget kembali ke 5K/day. Ia penting bahawa anda menggantikan budget kerana apabila anda mempunyai skill seperti ini, mari kita lihat anda mulai dengan 1K/day. Budget total dikatakan adalah 15K/day. Ia tidak akan menghubungi kekuatan yang berkali 15K. Mungkin ia hanya menghubungi 8-10K. Jadi anda tidak mahu menghubungi kekuatan supaya ia menghubungi kekuatan yang berkali 15K. Baiklah, mulai dengan kekuatan yang kurang kekuatan 5K/day. Skill dengan kekuatan yang baik, jika tidak, kita akan menghubungi kekuatan. Ya, saya tidak mempunyai set-roof super untuk ini. SSC. I cannot chat scale this but yeah, this is a TRD. Unounce the seal, set up the seal campaign structure, add banners to the best ads, product image ads. Self scale, chat scale, lambo. Very simple formula. If you got any value out of this, let me know. Hopefully this helps you with your next sale.