00:00:00,100 --> 00:10:01,708 [Speaker 0]
... All right, in this video, it is time to jump into definitions. Now, I want to let you guys know that this little mini-series here, um, around basically extracting the angles and talking about these definitions is going to be a bit of a, gotta, like, watch them all together, and then kind of take the action item, because, uh, I'm gonna break these down kind of video by video to help you understand what is happening, and then at the end, I'm actually gonna get into examples that will tie everything together, okay? And so it'll, it'll make sense once I do it. I just want to avoid giving you examples before I actually explain everything that has to do with essentially the ad, uh, execution side of things. Okay, and when I say the ad execution, it's basically like the ad organization side of things, more or less. Uh, the actual writing and the actual execution will be done in the follow-up steps, but I just want you to know that it really starts with defining terms, so that way, we can communicate the same way, and then we can get into actually going deeper on each and every single one of these things that need slightly more context. So let's go ahead and jump into the screen here. Please note that the definitions that follow are the ones that have, are the ones that I have chosen to use. Uh, at the end of the day, I want you to use the definitions that make the most amount of sense to you, but hopefully, these definitions will help guide you so that you can think less about terms and philosophies and just focus on pure execution, okay? And so the first term that we need to essentially cover here is three-two-two, okay? And three-two-two stands for three creatives, two body copies, and two headlines. Now, if you're com- most of you probably know what this is. Um, but the twelve-year-old definition of this is, uh, this is the testing structure that we use inside of Meta, okay? And so when we test with three creatives, the reason why we do three creatives is so that way, we just have three variations of every concept. And I'm already using terms that we're about to cover down below. But the point is, is the entire-- this entire thing, this three-two-two, is essentially a concept that we would test inside of Meta. Again, the three equals the variations of that one concept, and the two-two is just like the headlines and body copies that go around the Facebook ad. Okay, so I hope everybody can clearly understand what this means. We throw this term around a lot. It's basically, it just stands for three total creatives, two total body copies, two headlines, okay? And that is exactly how we set up ads inside of Meta. So again, our goal is to make ads, so I need to make sure that I define this first. Now, the next thing here is concept or batch number. So this slash basically just means, like, you can use these, like, either/or, okay? So some people keep track of it by saying concept number, some people say test number, some people say batch number. So I guess I'll just go ahead, and, and I should probably add those. Uh, batch number, I've got to, I've got to zoom out here. Uh, batch number is one, and then test number, uh, is another. At, at the end of the day, it doesn't really matter what you use. Just know that this is the number that you're using to keep track of the test, okay? So the twelve-year-old definition is the number you use to keep track of which test you're on. Now, this is important to do because at the end of the day, you want to see, like, oh, test number twenty-seven, um, how did that do, right? And I, I like it as like, okay, how long is it taking us to actually find a winning ad? So you can see kind of how many ads it took you to kind of unlock that winner once you hit it. Uh, and very simple, we would just say, batch number one, batch number twenty-nine, batch number one thirty-three. You will see that coming through. These- this term is, is stupid simple. If you don't get this, we're in trouble. But just know, like, this is how you keep track of it, uh, when you're, when you're actually coming up with the concepts, and we'll show you how to organize those as well. Uh, the next one here is concept and swing, okay? And so different from angle here. I'm gonna explain. This is where, like, I, I might lose some of you guys, but I promise it's gonna, it's gonna come back full circle. The concept or the swing, a lot of people say, like: "Oh, take, take this kind of swing," or, "We need to take a bigger swing." So I've thrown that word in there. I've basically grabbed all of the different marketing terms or tried to think of all the different common marketing terms that people use, and I've tried to define them for you. But we use concept. Okay, and I want you to know these little emojis are here to help you understand, like, what is happening and, like, what each one means. So for example, this is a folder, which means, like, this is just, like, this is for keeping things organized, okay? This is an idea, which means, like, that's what a concept is. The concept is the test strategy. It's what you're choosing to test in that specific batch, okay? Or the twelve-year-old definition that we have here is the big idea behind the ads that you want to test. Now, I want you to understand that I will- I have an entire section coming up explaining how concept and how angle relates, okay? Um, but just understand an example of a concept is test an iteration on a winning video. That's a concept. That's a, that's an idea of something you want to test, right? Or I want to test superlative angles. That's an idea that you have. If you don't know what superlative is, um, I have a breakdown coming. Superlative is just like when you make a claim of, like, the world's best or, like, the world's first. Like, that's, so it's like, that's an angle that you can take, and we'll talk about angles as well. Another one we have here is, like, test UGC format, right? That's a concept. Test different avatars. We're gonna get into that, right? That's a concept, right? These concepts are basically, it's like, what are we testing? Okay, like, what is kind of the goal of the test? That is what a concept is, okay? Now, this, you'll see I have a key insight down here, is where angle is, is different than concept, but sometimes can be the same. Now, if that's confusing, I'm gonna explain it very simply down below. But the angle is your selling strategy, okay? As we've already defined before, or you should have seen before, it's how you're choosing to sell the product, okay? And the twelve-year-old definition is this is the main reason you're giving someone to buy. And so, for example, how do... or let's just keep it focused here. Examples are buy it for life, right? This is a reason for someone to buy your product. Postpartum weight despite trying everything, right? This is a reason for someone to buy the product. Stainless steel, doctor designed, cleanest, right?... reasons for people to buy your product. There's something in it for the customer, but just understand that, like, we're giving the customer a reason for someone- or we're giving that customer a reason to buy. Now, this is different, okay, from concept at times, and so if we read the key insight down here, it says, "Every ad needs an angle." Okay? Very simple. This is-- if, if you're confused in any way, this is the number one way to un-confuse yourself. Every ad needs an angle, period. Right? So if we're testing UGC formats, right, here, here we are right here. If our concept is testing formats, testing UGC format, you still need to find what you're selling, right? Or, like, what, like, what is the reason for someone to buy it, right? Because testing UGC formats, of what? [laughing] Right? And some of you guys, that's the thing, you don't even think about that. You're just like: Oh, let's just test UGC videos. And that's why your ads suck, because you don't even have an angle. You're just thinking of, like, a format, okay? Or you're like: Let's just go ahead... And I see some people say, like: Let's test us versus them. Us versus them of what, right? And we're gonna get into this in the angle section as well, 'cause we're really gonna hammer this home. But if your concept... Right, so, so that makes sense. Hopefully, that's clear, because for a lot of you guys, like, that should clear up a lot of things. Like, concept doesn't have to be testing angles. It can be testing formats. It could be testing iterations. It could be testing av- it could be, it could be a bunch of different things, right? But my point is, is that you still need to have an angle with every single ad. So in this instance, if your concept is testing X angle, like we have here, so testing a superlative angle or angles, okay? It can also sometimes be multiple angles, and we're gonna get into that as well with different testing strategies. But the concept then becomes the angle, okay? And so this is where, again, it gets slightly more confusing, but if you've ever thought, like, concept and angle meant the same thing, that's the reason why. Because sometimes if your concept is, "I wanna test, um, you know, marketing how durable our product is," you know, you're dur- that's a reason for someone to buy it. And it's like, great, you've got an angle. But just for the sake of tracking purposes and for best practice, just make sure you jot down the angle again. So it's like, okay, my concept is I wanna test superlative, or let's just, let's just keep it stupid simple, right? We just say the concept is, is we wanna test the durability angle, okay? Well, then what I would just put down here, so, like, this would be concept. Then what I would put down here for angle is I would say, well, the angle is durability, okay? And we're gonna, we're gonna get into, like, how to make your angles more specific and that kind of stuff as well, but it's like these are technically the same thing, right? But it's just best practice for you guys to start jotting it down so that you're always thinking about what is- how are we choosing to sell the product, or, like, what is the reason for someone to buy this product? Because it's durable. Okay, cool, makes sense. Right? But if you're testing, for example, again, us versus them, and if you're just like- you're not even thinking about the angle, you're like: "Oh, I'm just gonna test an us versus them," and then you just put random stuff in there. You're like: "Oh, ours is better, and theirs sucks," it's like, dude, you're not thinking. [laughing] You're thinking about the customer, which is the most important thing. You need to think about, like, what is in it for the customer. Us versus them is, is just, it's just an idea, right? It's, it's-- it, it alludes to an angle that you're comparing that you're better than someone else, but better for- in what way? For what? There's so many different ways that you can frame that, and that's why mentioning the angle is super important, right? So for one of our brands that's in the pet niche, we were testing, like, how our product, uh, is easier to put on versus others, right? So the angle here is easier to put on. But we could also have an us versus them concept 

00:10:01,708 --> 00:10:06,127 [Speaker 0]
that talks about, again, durability. 

00:10:06,127 --> 00:10:19,308 [Speaker 0]
Okay? So hopefully... And I'm using us versus them as, like, a- like, I think everybody knows that angle, right? Or, for example, another, another, like, world-famous one is, like, three reasons why. 

00:10:19,308 --> 00:16:15,012 [Speaker 0]
It's like: concept, three reasons why. Great. Of what? And you're like, well... And then you just, like, think, like: "Oh, uh, because it's, it's durable, it's easy, and, you know, it looks cool." It's, like, great, but, like, that's, like, zero thought process at all. Like, you just winged that. You weren't actually thinking about the angle when you were doing the concept, okay? And so my point is, is you always need to think about the angle, and that is where concept and angle can be different. But if you are testing specific angles, like testing superlative angles, then again, sometimes your angles will be, like, your concept will mention the angle that you're testing. But just know we're gonna break this down further, but I just- I don't want you guys to get confused on this, so hopefully this makes sense. But always just write out your concept. "Hey, this is what we're testing," and then the angle is, like, here's how we're choosing to sell the product. Now, the variations is the next step here, which is, if I zoom out, um, individual executions of the angles or angle. Okay? And we're gonna talk about the S here as well in, in the next slide. 'Cause the next slide, we're just going all in on angles. But, um, the twelve-year-old definition of variation is different ways to communicate your selling reason. Okay? So if your angle is buy it for life, variations might be one harness, lifetime adventures, or buy it once, adventure for life, or end the replacement cycle. Okay? Now we're gonna get into, for example, testing multiple angles, which is a testing strategy that we do recommend for a lot of people starting out, and so we're gonna get into how we do that with the actual execution phase. But variations might be different angles, right? And so if we go to this superlative angle, okay, this was, like, our concept was to test these broader- this broader idea of superlatives, which basically just means, like, claims that only we can make. Again, the world's first, the, the world's number one whatever. And so here we were testing multiple angles-... for that concept. And so in the variations, we actually had stainless steel, doctor designed, and easiest to clean. And you guys are gonna see the actual breakdown of this ad as well, 'cause, like, I know I'm not showing you guys any examples, but I promise that it'll make sense. But just know variations are how you basically build out the, the three variations up here, right? 'Cause for every concept, so for every concept, there's gonna be three creatives, okay? And the variations, so these v- variations are basically the individual creative, okay? Um, and then from there, again, it's just important to make sure that either we're writing- we're communicating the angle differently, which you guys will learn how to do, or we're testing different angles in those, uh, variations as well. And now, if that, that's more-- Like, I'm not gonna say that's more advanced, it's still relatively simple, but you guys are gonna see how that works. Again, you're gonna watch these videos in sequence before we start taking any action, but this video is just gonna be used to be kind of like a, again, a dictionary for you to know what each term means. And the final one is format. Thankfully, this one's very easy, okay? This is just how you deliver the ad. [chuckles] Okay, its one real definition of format is the type of ad that you're making. So example, you could show the same message as a video of a real person talking, a slideshow of pictures, or just, you know, text, or j- I'm just gonna say, or just a product image. Okay? So I actually have an entire list of formats for you guys as well, but the format is just how you're choosing to show everything in it, right? That's, that's how you're choosing to show the ad. It's very, very, very simple. So it's like... It's at a high level, it's like image, video, carousel, GIF, if you want to add GIF, but then we're gonna get into specific types of videos, like AI voiceovers or UGC, or whatever it may be, okay? And so we have all the different formats that we use, and I'm gonna give those to you guys, and I'm also working on getting examples of every single format, so you guys can actually see how it's executed, okay? But these are the definitions that you guys need to know, okay? So three, two, two, this is how we test ads in Meta. It stands for three creatives, two body copies, two headlines, okay? If we get into concept, batch, or test number, that's just the, the, how we keep track of things, okay? What number of tests we're on. We then have concept or swing, which basically just means, like, this is what we're testing. Think of this as, like, your internal guider. It's like, "Hey, I want to test, um, iterations," right? Or, "I want to test this angle." Whether you choose something that's just like a random, you know, like, has nothing to do with angle, or you choose something that has something to do with the angle, that is just your concept. And then you need to make sure for every single ad, even if your concept mentions the angle that you're testing, you still need to make sure that you clarify what the angle is, okay? And I'm just gonna get rid of this just so, like, you guys can actually understand and, and clearly move forward on this. And again, angles are what we're gonna, we're gonna cover down below. Um, but the angle is, again, it's how you're choosing to sell your product, okay? So this is the reason why someone should, should buy. And then from there, we have variations, which is how you communicate that, the different ways that you communicate that, okay? And then the format is just how you deliver the ad. It's very, very simple, okay? And so all in all, these are the, the one, two, three, four, five, six definitions that we need to know. Come back to this if you guys need clarity, and again, we're going to go through angles very intensely because angles are the biggest thing. Obviously, three, two, two, everybody gets it or should get it. Test number, [chuckles] I hope everybody gets it. Concept, and swing, and angles are where... and I would say even variations a little bit as well, like, this area is where some people get confused, and I know I was getting confused as well early on. And even when I was trying to, like, find a way to properly define this, there's so many different ways to say these things. And again, it just becomes a word vomit. But just know concept, again, is your big idea. Angle is how you're choosing to position that big idea basically to the customer. All right? And then variations is, like, how you execute it, and then format is, again, how it actually comes out, uh, in the actual ad.