Transcribed with Cockatoo


0:00:00
All right, so this next tab in here is going to be talking about awareness. And this is something that is honestly extremely, extremely helpful to better understand kind of when you're reviewing ads, but also at the same time trying to figure out what angles you should be focusing on and what kind of questions you need to be answering. So for example, if I was selling an air purifier, I'm now going to go down the list of the five stages of market awareness and what questions questions, my ideal customer is probably asking themselves, right? So if we start with most aware, we're probably looking at the, for example, if I'm in the market for an air purifier and I'm most aware, I'm probably thinking what's the least expensive air purifier that does the best job, right? Like right now, I already know I need one. I already know I want one. 

0:00:49
I'm just trying to figure out, all right, what's the best offer that I can get, right? That's a very simple question. The second, and that's going to be pretty much the same for almost all products. The next question here is product aware, right? So again, we're talking about air purifier here. How much space can an air purifier really clean? 

0:01:06
And is it worth it? So when I'm thinking about this here, I'm looking at the different products, I'm aware of the air purifier, but I'm trying to figure out if it's the right product for me. So how much space can an air purifier really clean? Very logistical question. And is it actually worth it? So if I saw an ad as a product -aware person looking for an air purifier, and I had an ad that basically handled some of these questions, that would definitely help convert. 

0:01:34
Now we climb the ladder again to solution -aware. Is ultraviolet cleaning a better long -term way to keep the air in my home clean, right? So this is somebody who is now aware of different solutions to the air purifier. And again, if you remember that ad that I showcased in the market awareness level or in that, in that presentation, it was actually comparing that slide board to Peloton, right? So this could be a solution where of somebody, again, looking for a better way to learn weight or burn or lose weight or burn calories is, you know, basically Peloton, you know, the right way to lose or the best way to lose weight. 

0:02:15
Actually, no, okay, it's gonna be the slide board instead. Same thing with the air purifier here. It's ultraviolet cleaning a better long -term way to keep the air in my home clean. Then we climb the ladder once more. I feel congested at home but not at work. What in the world is going on? 

0:02:30
Again, this, as you can imagine, is going to start to give you ad ideas for your product. And how do we, you know, basically attack this? It's like feeling congested at home and don't know why, or curious of why, you know, you like your stroke, like, you know, breathing seems harder at night or whatever, like can't struggling to breathe at night, whatever it is, right? There we go. We can start to identify that problem. And again, remember, work them down into the solution, right? 

0:02:56
all the way to the actual product. And then finally, unaware, right? Exercise and health are important to me. Besides doing cardio, how else can I improve my cardiovascular health, right? People aren't even aware that an air purifier can actually help with cardiovascular health. But in this instance, again, as you can see, we're able to kind of create ads that resonate with these people, okay? 

0:03:16
Work all the way down the list as well. If you obviously are, you know, not not taking care of your cardiovascular health, it can lead to congestion at home, which is why you need to be aware of this solution. The air purifier work all the way down, and here's a great offer. So that is how you can leverage market awareness. This is not easy. So it's not something that you can expect to just come in and know the exact questions that your customers are asking at each stage and have answers for every single one of them. 

0:03:44
But I would definitely just encourage you to try to ask a few different questions here. Try to ask some questions around the actual products. For example, if you sell a hairdryer, you know, unaware, it might be, you know, I really, you know, I see these girls with beautiful, shiny hair. 

0:04:01
Wow. 

0:04:01
It looks so good. And they aren't really aware of how to get it right. Problem aware. It's like, you know, every time, every time I try to, you know, get ready for a night out, my hair is, is always frizzy, right? Solution where, okay, well, how do I stop frizz? Well, apparently there's serums that I can use. 

0:04:17
I don't use a blow dryer. I just, I just, you know, let my hair air dry or, you know, I could potentially, you know, use a, use a hairdryer. Right. And then product aware is, you know, what is the best hairdryer? And then most aware is, you know, how, how do I get, or like, you know, what is, what is the best offer for, for this hair dryer? Okay. 

0:04:33
So whatever your product is, try to think of the questions and then think of how you will answer that question. And this can potentially lead to some winning ads.


Transcribed with Cockatoo
