Transcribed with Cockatoo


0:00:00
All right, and the final tab in the growth guide is going to be the visuals tab. Okay, it also is known as the creators tab in the research process. So the research process will actually show you how to fill this out. So the TikTok trend research and inspo will actually show you how to add creators to this. And I also talk about this as well earlier in the research process, but just know that This is where you want to start to keep track of all of the creators in your niche that are creating content for your specific avatars so you can better understand who your top creators are, most importantly. And then number two, actually create content that resonates with your ideal customer. 

0:00:41
These top creators know how to speak to your ideal customers. So you probably want to learn a thing or two from them. Okay, so step one, identify your target persona for your ad. Step two, research creators. This should just say. ads in general. 

0:00:57
Step two, research creators and influencers to make content for those people. Okay, so who are the people that are making content for my customer right now? And step three, study the top performing content from those creators to see which kinds of videos get the most amount of engagement and what kind of messaging they use. So look at YouTube thumbnails, look at YouTube titles, YouTube videos, TikTok hooks, TikTok trends, Instagram, Instagram files, the whole works. Make sure you take a look at how these creators are communicating with there with your customers. And step four, create our content and craft ads with those ideas in mind. 

0:01:31
As you already know, it will resonate with our avatar because these creators are doing all the hard work. They have figured out how to resonate with the customers that you're trying to sell to. So why we create the wheel, just leverage their expertise. Okay. So this is where you will document that. So take, keep note of the audience size, make sure you have the, the creator's name, make sure you have the link to their social profiles and make sure you just link any kind of or make notes on any kind of high performing content. 

0:02:00
trends that you see across the board Okay, or any kind of? Creatives that that you really like. Okay, so that is the visuals and this will help us It basically in the credit roadmap And also give inspo to creators of like how we need to be speaking with them and or not to creators to editors. Sorry, when we go to create ads, this will give us inspo of what our ads need to look like. And so for example, when you also then go into the creative roadmap, when you start analyzing your ads, you can compare the ad that you make versus the creators are making. Okay. 

0:02:32
And I can probably guarantee that you're going to find some issues with it. So that is how you use the visuals board. That is the final board before the creative roadmap.


Transcribed with Cockatoo
