Transcribed with Cockatoo


0:00:00
All right guys, so welcome to the overview of the brand new growth guide for this year. And I'm very excited to give this to you guys because honestly, the other one was so outdated and it just needed to be cleaned up and organized. And so we've got the new growth guide for you guys. And I want to share this with you, kind of walk you through every single column here, and then explain how to actually use it, the flow that we've implemented now, and ultimately help you guys pump out winning ads and keep track of them properly. 

0:00:24
Okay. 

0:00:25
So first things first here is the status column here. 

0:00:29
All right. 

0:00:29
So this status column, uh, is basically going to be blank for whenever you have ideas. So if you have a new ad idea, you're going to put that inside of there. 

0:00:36
Right. 

0:00:37
And then whenever you decide to actually start working on that idea, whether you do a weekly call with your team or you're just putting your ideas in here and then you're like, all right, this is the one that I'm going to do this week. You're then going to change the status to working. 

0:00:49
Okay. 

0:00:49
And then from there, there's also learning. So learning is once you actually launched the ad. And then the final one on here is filming. So if you are planning to film specific content, or you have an idea that you want to film here, you can turn that status into filming, which just means that you're trying to go and get content for that specific ad idea, which is why we have that status. And then of course we have the status of done, which means you've actually gone through this entire process. You've marked the results and you've marked the learnings in there, which means that this is now done. 

0:01:17
Do not mark ads done. batch number 3 actually the author of this concept, so he's getting credit for it. And then the ad concept itself is I think the thing where a lot of people get confused. A concept is just basically, it's the angle, it's the idea, it's kind of the name of the ad. And so this ad concept is called the no worry parent. 

0:02:07
The idea of this ad, as you will be able to see, outlined here, and I can actually open this preview, so we're kind of skipping a few columns here, is we're going after a specific avatar. And what we're trying to do is we're trying to feature a parent, a mum or a dad, narrating their daily struggles with keeping their home safe for their children. The story will revolve around how indoor air quality can be overlooked as a health risk for kids, especially with traditional humidifiers that can, you know, actually kind of put bacteria and mold into the air. Okay. And so this is just going to say, we're going to introduce our product as the worry -free and filter -free solution to, you know, this dry air problem avatar. And the reason why we do things this way is because we want you thinking left to right as you build this app. 

0:03:19
So the no worry parent concept is the concept, right? Who is this concept for? Well, that's where we choose the avatar. 

0:03:26
This is going to be parents with young children. 

0:03:29
Perfect. Now, what is the desire that this person has? And for this one specifically, we're actually going to choose the desire of, I want to be a great mother. And again, the desire process is down over here and there's going to be trainings that come on that. I'm just going to explain the creative roadmap first. 

0:03:45
And so the desire that we're going after is moms who basically want to be a great mother and, you know, they want to have strong relationships with their kids. 

0:03:53
Right. And then from there, the awareness that we're going after is solution aware. And now this is super important. And we found ourselves actually using awareness level more than anything when it comes to actually optimizing ads. Now there will be times where you might actually test a specific type of ad where you actually go three different awareness levels with your headlines or with your visuals. 

0:04:13
That's a little bit more advanced and you don't have to really think that deep about it. But what we usually do is we usually try to pick a specific awareness level that we want to target as the core idea. And so if you don't know your awareness levels, you need to understand them. But unaware is people that don't know they have any problem or anything at all. Problem aware is people who are aware of a problem. Solution aware is people who are aware of solutions, like they know there's ways to fix dry air. 

0:04:40
And then there's product aware, which is people who are actually aware of humidifiers. And then there's most aware, which is people who are actually aware of this brand. Okay. And so you have to think through that journey with you of where you want to start this specific ad. And then from there, what you are testing and what are you creating and what gives you confidence that this will actually improve is where you guys can add the actual brief or like not the brief, the actual explanation of your concept, right? Like why are you doing this? 

0:05:06
Well, we know that again, as this AI actually demonstrated for us and we will, we are working on doing more of this inside of the AI program, but I want you guys to understand that you don't need a a big fancy doc like this, it can also just be kind of written inside of the growth guide here, okay? So you could just copy this here, okay? And you could just paste this and it should pop in like that. And now it's like, okay, well, this is the reason why I'm making this ad. And it can also just be something as simple. It's like, I was doing research on Reddit and I always hate how I can't do shift and found that a lot of parents are constantly worried about you know, hurting or their children. 

0:05:50
safety, right? Exactly what the AI is right. I also found that there is a lot of mold that builds up in traditional humidifiers. So this angle is to help parents feel better about their kids health. Like that is the angle that we're going after. There's the avatar, there's the desire, there's the awareness level, right? 

0:06:19
And we're starting it at a solution aware level as well. We sometimes also throw hook ideas in here, right? So it's like the know where a parent, where we might start at solution aware and say, you know, I thought I had, you know, dry air figured out, okay? 

0:06:36
And I know you guys like some more of the live stuff. 

0:06:38
So I'm giving you some live stuff as well. Okay. And now from there, once you actually have this laid out of like, what are you creating and testing and what gives you confidence and you're basically you've, you've got it laid out for what con what the concept is. And again, a lot of this for you guys, like this is our team kind of presenting ideas. But if you guys have a team presenting ideas, you probably want something similar to this, right? I'll go ahead and pull up some other examples. 

0:07:03
So that way you guys can see this part in action as well. So for example, here's an ad idea that one of our team members put in here that said, look, I'm iterating on this DCT number and I want to do an AI voiceover format similar to our previous winner. So easy to clean UGC talking specifically about stainless steel. Here's a Reddit thread. There seems to be a common belief that on the market that all the humidifiers on the market are plastic and people just avoid getting a humidifier because of the danger of microplastics. And that's why I think this is doing well right now. 

0:07:32
It's a unique mechanism. So I like to do a video ad about it, maybe hooks, be something like I thought all humidifiers were plastic or something along those lines, right? And so the point of this is that we're actually thinking through these entire process here. You can ignore these desires because they were just kind of pulled randomly from an old sheet. But at the end of the day, that's kind of the point. 

0:07:52
Like that's what I wanna see from the team. But if it's just you doing that, you don't obviously have to lay it all out, but it might be helpful for you to do that too. Now the ad type section here is where you're going to go through three things. And now I know a lot of people get lost in the sauce in this, and so I might have to film a part two, but there's three types of ads that you can make. There's an iteration, there's an imitation, and there's an ideation. We'll start with the simplest one, iteration. 

0:08:19
An iteration ad is exactly what you guys just saw here. What he actually wanted to do, or sorry, an iteration slash, this is the wrong thing, so this is confusing you guys. Let me turn this to an iteration. More or less, we were iterating on DCT number 133. 

0:08:38
Which means this was an existing ad that we were running and we wanted to make an iteration slash variation of it, right? 

0:08:46
We wanted to kind of turn this into a video and talk more about like this idea of like stainless steel humidifiers and why they're great. Okay. So that is an iteration. 

0:08:57
It was confusing because it said ideation, but it's just because it's pasting weird into the actual sheet. 

0:09:02
It's a different sheet. Okay. I promise. So that is an iteration. Okay. And iteration is when you guys are focusing on making an existing ad that you made, different or better or whatever that is, okay? 

0:09:15
That is an iteration. It's the easiest one to understand. The next one is an imitation, okay? An imitation style ad is where you purely are going on a tool like Atria or Foreplay, and you're going through there and you just see an ad idea and you wanna recreate it, or you're scrolling through your Facebook feed and you wanna recreate it. To show you this, let me grab an example. So for example, disguising a simple video ad 

0:09:40
as an organic content based off of what competitors are doing, context, copy lines with the video and has to be concurrent and clear. Should we do a pen angle, a plant angle, whatever. And what this was is a simple video from Atria, which is, this is not actually a good ad to take inspiration from because it ran for six days, but this is why I tell you guys to not go crazy on imitations, which is what a lot of you guys do. And that's why a lot of the ads that you make kind of suck at times, but an imitation is where Like, hey, I see this ad that my competitor is running or someone else is running and let's go ahead and just recreate it ourselves. These can work at times, but just know that imitation ads usually do not move the needle forward. Most of the times it's ideations and iterations. 

0:10:26
And I know these words are fancy and weird, but just know that this is an imitation when you're just copying, like the whole idea is just copying this ad. That is what an imitation is. Now, an ideation is where you come up with your own ideas. Like this one here, as you can see, is not a concept that we've done. It's not even a concept that I've like looked at or got inspo from, from anywhere else. I simply did research. 

0:10:54
I understood the customer. And now I have an idea because parents are worried all the time. Again, there's nothing, maybe there were some things that influenced it, but there was nothing specifically that I'm replicating or copying. And I came up with this idea on my own. Now where I think a lot of people get confused is say, for example, you then go to Atria and you try to get some inspiration of like how to execute the ad. 

0:11:18
That is still kind of like following some, that's like a ideation slash imitation. 

0:11:24
And again, I'm not trying to confuse you guys on this, but just know that ideations are what always move the needle forward. And ideations are ideas that you just come up on your own. Okay. You look at your research, you research, through threads on reddit and you saw for example that even that the I don't wanna use that example, but this one here, again, parents are constantly worried about their kid's health, and they think that they're getting, they don't know what to do, they've tried purifiers or whatever, and they're aware of some other solutions that can help with dry air, which is why they're solution aware. And now, I was like, okay, let me just come up with an idea that targets that avatar and talks about how you don't have to worry as a parent if you use this product. 

0:12:04
Okay, so that is an ideation, like there's nothing that really influence that other than research. Okay, so that is what ad type is and you want to select that. If you're not sure whether or not it's an imitation or an ideation, I mean, it's pretty simple if you ask me. I've looked at it and talked about it enough. If you have questions, obviously message in the chat, but it's like most of the time you should be doing iterations or ideations. You really should only do imitations if you're just like, you have no ideas at all and you're just, you know, you need something. 

0:12:30
Okay. anytime we've brought on creative strategists and all their ideas are imitations like they just go to Atria and they're like we should remake this ad they always flop and they suck okay so ideations are where it's at just keep in mind that obviously they're a little bit harder to pull off depending on the clips that you have but ideally they're the ones that do the best now ad format is very simple they're static video and promo that's it okay it's very simple i don't need to explain that promo is just a sale ad that you're doing And that's it. There used to be another column here about hooks and holds and all that kind of stuff. If you're new here, then don't worry about that. I'm going to film a part two that talks about this. And then as you can see here, there's the link to the brief, which you guys will actually be able to preview what one of our briefs look like in Milano. 

0:13:11
And there will be another training that comes on that. There's also ideally the link to a Facebook ad, which you guys won't be able to see, but you should put the link to the Facebook ad there so you can review it as well. And then you have the results of Winning and losing ad, it's very, very simple now. Either the ad got majority of spend in the ad account and it hit KPI or it got some spend. in the ad account and hit KPI, depending on how generous you wanna be, and that would be a winning ad. But if it did not get spend, or it did not get spend, or it got some spend and did not hit your KPI, then it's a losing ad, okay? 

0:13:42
It's very, very simple. And then from there, you have learnings, okay? So you need to then process whether or not this ad was, again, a winner or a loser, and figure out why. That is super, super important. I'll be honest with you, for a lot of you that are volume. Sometimes you don't have all the time to review losers. 

0:13:59
So what we recommend is that unless you are fine, if you, if you didn't find any winners, then you should go and review all your losing ads or at least the losing ads that you thought were know, should have been winners. Like you, they were high confident ads that for some reason just didn't convert. You need to review those and figure out what went wrong. But if you're hitting winning ads, you need to make sure you're reviewing your winning ads, bare minimum. Okay. I understand that if you're doing 60 ads a month or like 50 concepts a month, which would be like 150 ads a month, like you might not have the time to review every single ad, but it's important for you to try number one. 

0:14:33
And number two, actually make sure that you are keeping track of this stuff, okay? At least keep track of whether or not it was a winner or a loser, okay? And so that is the new creative roadmap. There's gonna be a part two that talks about the three different types of ads that you're going to make, but I will talk about it in the next video. Hopefully this all makes sense. And again, if you guys have questions on this new creative roadmap, make sure you let us know in the chat.


Transcribed with Cockatoo
