Transcribed with Cockatoo


0:00:00
All right, now in this video, we're gonna be going through all the examples, okay? We're gonna be reviewing some ads to show, again, everything coming together. We're gonna talk about the concept, we're gonna talk about the concept explanation, we're gonna be talking about the angle or the angles in the ad, we're gonna be talking about the variations, we're gonna be talking about the format, and we're gonna be talking about the method that we use to test this, and so we're gonna put everything All together. 

0:00:23
Okay. 

0:00:23
So for anybody that's been watching this part by part, thank you for your patience on this, because I have been trying to put this in a way that like, it's just not confusing. And so hopefully this makes sense to you. And I hope you can see and understand how everything is now coming together. So let's go ahead and jump in. Okay. So let's. 

0:00:39
put everything that we've learned together. So let's take a look at this first example here. And now what you'll notice is that there's actually only two variations. And that's why I get a lot of questions around this, where again, even if we go back to the definition section here, where it's like, hey, Spencer, can I test four creatives here instead of three? 

0:00:57
Sure. 

0:00:58
Okay. 

0:00:59
I would say don't do more than four. Like if you want to test an extra one because you, or you want to test an extra one because you have a good idea around it, then sure. Do it. But again, same thing here. If you only have like two creatives that you can really think of, then that's fine. Just test to do a two, two, two. 

0:01:13
Okay. So I would say if you want to do one less or you want to do one more, you can, and I'm going to show you an example of how we do that as well. Again, your goal is to make the best ads possible. 

0:01:23
Okay. 

0:01:24
So this first example here, what is the concept? Well, the concept here from our team was Nutella ads. That was it, right? So like, what is Nutella ad? What, you know, what is that? Well, if we actually go into the 13 winning ad templates that you guys have, as a result of being in here, which is absolutely awesome, you guys will be able to see what the winning Nutella ad is. 

0:01:48
And so if we go over here, you can see this was the entire inspiration for our concept. This, that was it. We saw this ad, we're like, huh, let's try to make this work. brand, right? But again, because we're smart, Nutella ad of what? Well, what we decided to test was two different angles. 

0:02:11
And for those of you that are skipping ahead, this is Marksman method, right? So confidence angle, this was like, it's a very broad, like I just kind of threw in confidence angle. And again, for those of you that are, that are getting confused by this, what's happening is you're getting stuck in like the angle matrix because the angle matrix exists. 

0:02:29
Okay. 

0:02:30
Um, because angles also exist on a spectrum, just how your sub avatars exist on a spectrum. You can have infinite amounts of combinations of sub avatars. You can also have infinite amount of combinations of angles. Okay. And so just understand that just. put down the angle that makes sense to you. 

0:02:47
As long as it's a selling point, as long as it's a reason for someone to buy, it doesn't really matter. Just like that, just know that that is the angle. 

0:02:54
Okay. 

0:02:55
Now I'm actually doing this inverse. Okay. So I'm actually reviewing these ads for you guys to help you understand and break them down because this actually wasn't even made by our team. This was made by someone in e -com talent and I know that he didn't actually apply this strategy, but I'm going to break it down for you so that you could see basically how this is working. Now this is just for this example. The other ones we have, but okay, let's just say, Hey, I wanna test the confidence angle. 

0:03:17
I'm gonna go after people who struggle with wanting confidence or want confidence going on a dog walk. And then I wanna test the angle of having control for your dog. Okay, and so the sub avatar here, just to break this down, because imagine you guys have the sub avatar first. You guys are going from sub avatar to angle to then ideally coming up with the concept, right? And so let's start here. So sub avatar, the desire, wants their dog to stop pulling. 

0:03:40
You can see here as well. Desire, wants their dog to stop pulling. Product experience has tried traditional harnesses, right? Product experience has tried traditional harnesses and it did not stop the dog from pulling. Interesting, okay? Emotion, feels embarrassed walking their dog. 

0:03:55
Emotion, feels frustrated that harnesses don't work. Okay, so we're getting into a slightly different sub avatar here, right? Now, behavior, avoids walking their dog in certain situations. Now, is the product experience needed? Maybe not. Is the emotion needed? 

0:04:07
Maybe not. But if you just had sub avatar, wants their dog to stop pulling, and then just the product experience itself has tried traditional harnesses, well, there you go. That could just be the sub avatar that you go after. Okay, and now same thing with down here. Again, wants her dog to stop pulling and product experiences has tried traditional harnesses and it didn't stop the dog from pulling. Okay, now at the end of the day here, how, like whatever sub avatar you make, it doesn't really matter. 

0:04:34
You just need to make sure that you identify the angle. Okay, and so here, what you can see is the variations. Again, if we go back to this example here, these are two different angles, right? So if we go back here, this is angle number one, this is angle number two, and we just picked one variation to communicate that angle, right? Confidence angle, we said this is a harness, this is confidence. 

0:04:57
Beautiful. 

0:04:58
Next one here. This is polling. This is control. 

0:05:01
Great. 

0:05:02
Okay. 

0:05:03
Now, if we scroll down here, you can see the format for this is just static and graphic design. Very simple, right? Testing method, Marksman method, if Spencer can spell. Marksman, Marksman, doesn't matter. And the explanation is, in the ads above, we're actually testing two different sub -avatars here, aka angles, and one of them is talking about the confidence angle, about having confidence while you walk your dog, and the other is talking about the control angle, and referencing traditional harnesses is something that encourages your dog to pull. So again, here we are taking basically two different swings, and I want to be careful using the swing words, but let's just say here we are testing two different angles with one variation, which is again the Marksman method, right? 

0:05:46
And guess what? If one of these becomes a winner, what are we going to do? Let's just say this is a harness. This is confidence. This is the winner. What are we going to do? 

0:05:53
We're going to study this. Okay. 

0:05:55
Clearly people care more about just having confidence, like being confident while they go and walk their dog. 

0:06:01
Huh? What can I learn more about this? Why aren't people confident? Could I go into a video version of this? Could I double down on this? Could I figure out what is making this person lack confidence? 

0:06:11
Can I tap into some of their pain points? Can I find more of their behaviors? Do I maybe create a video ad that talks about how you have zero confidence in your dog, or you have zero confidence in your ability as a dog owner to walk your dog? Yeah, probably, right? And so you can start to see how this starts to progress into something where we then start testing sniper method variations and iterations of this angle. Hopefully that's making sense, guys. 

0:06:37
All right, let's scroll down a little bit further. So add example number two here, okay? There's some examples here that are gonna talk about POV label videos, okay? And so concept explanation. We're calling out sub avatars directly using labels to find out which avatar basically total darkness resonates the most with, which is one of our mechanisms. Okay. 

0:06:58
So again, we have multiple angles. One is sleep better during the day with total darkness. The sub avatar here is a night shift worker. Another sub avatar is the insomniac. We have another sub avatar here for the light sleeper. We have another sub avatar here as an early riser. 

0:07:12
And these are all the angles that we have. Sleep more regularly with total darkness. Avoid premature wakeups with total darkness. Stay asleep through sunrise with total darkness. What are the variations? How did we actually execute these ads? 

0:07:24
Well, let's take a look. Again, you probably already saw it. POV, you have insomnia. POV, you hate being an early riser. POV, you're a light sleeper. sleeper this one says i believe let's see pov you work the night shift and look at these video guys like they're very simple pov you work the night shift we show the product working and we're done all right let's take a look at this one 

0:07:45
Oh wow, it's a different video. It's not the same as the other one. But guess what? It's the exact same idea. We get to total darkness. All right, let's try this one. 

0:07:55
POV, you hate being early riser. Very similar to the rest of the videos. Is it the exact same? No, but there we go. We're showing the product. Very, very simple guys, okay? 

0:08:05
And so here, if you take a look at this, the format that we're using is just subtitles with B -roll, and the testing method is the marksman method, okay? Marksman, marksman, doesn't matter. Now, this is a great example of how we're able to visually communicate a product and call out specific labels using video. Now, in this video, We keep the call out just to the hook and then allow the video, the hold to show the rest. Okay. Now you'll notice that these videos aren't using the same clips and that's okay. 

0:08:33
We just chose the clips that we felt would best resonate with the label that we called out because we're taking bigger swings here, guys. Okay. We're, we're testing multiple angles. We're using the marksman method, but because a lot of you are confused around how to apply this to videos, I do have a proper explanation coming, but I want to show you how we took the learnings from this to then create, example 2 .5, a sniper method video, okay? Guess what? We double down on shift workers, okay? 

0:09:01
So POV, you work the night shift, okay? Now, what did we do? Concept explanation. We're now optimizing individual ads for night shift worker sub avatar. So again, now we go to one angle. Sleep better during the day with total darkness, sub avatar, night shift worker, variations, graveyard shift. 

0:09:17
I'm finding it possible to sleep in the morning. Night shift is killing me. Night shift job, but I can't sleep all day. My life is taking a quick downturn. You'll notice this is the sniper method. How is this the sniper? 

0:09:29
These are all focused on the same avatar. And you'll notice with this video, the hold is the same, but it says fix your sleep with 100 % darkness, five minutes, custom made, 30 day at home trial. Now I called out my team on this because I don't think this execution is that good, okay? And that's a problem because this is very generic. This point rate, these are all generic, right? So this hold, if your hold is kind of generic and could be used on any angle, I don't really think it's that good of a hold, especially when you're doing the sniper approach. 

0:09:59
But here you'll see, they say join 10 ,000 shift workers sleeping better on their schedule. In this instance, this is great, because that provides more social proof for the person that I'm going after. But these here are generic, right? Fix your sleep with 100 % darkness, that can apply to anyone. How can we go deeper for night shift workers specifically, okay? And you'll notice, again, here's another one, night shift is killing me, okay? 

0:10:25
And then we get into fix your sleep with 100 % darkness, it's the exact same hold, okay? Same hold, we're not changing the hold, on every single one, we still are just testing different hooks, even though it's a sniper method. And again, hold is the exact same, but the hold here sucks, okay? And I told my team that, and I love my team, my team's amazing. But this one here, it was just like, it was an execution problem. We didn't execute this properly, okay? 

0:10:46
And so for example, I would rather, what are the behaviors, right? What are the things, and I'm gonna skip down, I don't want you guys to get lost in the sauce, but here it's like, we should have had something that is like, show someone coming home from work at 7am, sun rising, kids getting ready for school, and then someone closing the blinds to get total darkness to go to bed. That's way better than this. This is generic. Nothing here says or has anything to do with night shift workers outside of this one line. So we just didn't execute this well. 

0:11:17
We need to go deeper on this specific ad to be able to communicate and resonate with this avatar. Like we're doing the sniper method. We're doing a sniper approach here. We've decided, Hey, you know what? The night shift, the POV work night shifts is working. We need to do a way better job at telling the right story. 

0:11:35
story, building relatability. What are their behaviors? What are their emotions? What is work like? You know, do they just, are they just constantly like waking? Are they waking up late because they can't sleep? 

0:11:44
Like what are those things? And that needs to be in the hold. Everything there needs to be in the hold because again, our hooks are all focused on the same person. Night shift, right? What's this hook? Night shift. 

0:11:55
What was the first one? If you didn't know, it was Night Shift, right? So the rest of the whole can still all talk about Night Shift, even though the executions of how we're grabbing the attention is different, okay? So let's do a proper deep dive here on Marksman Method and Sniper Method to really help you guys understand this stuff, okay? So for images, it's very easy to test the Marksman Method. You have three different angles and you test them congruently in your ad and that's it, okay? 

0:12:22
So if you're sub 100K per month, Okay, and you just want it to be super, super, super simple. What I would recommend you do, and there may be a video that you may have already watched on this, but if you watch the more advanced one at the end of the day, it doesn't matter. What I would recommend that you do is just use the Markzware method for testing images, that's it. Just if you want to go easy mode, Markzware method, I'm just gonna test images, okay? When it comes to Sniper method, I'm gonna use the Sniper method to test videos. And now basically guys, there's four categories here. 

0:12:57
Okay, so there's initial image test, initial video test, and then there's follow -up image test, and then there's follow -up video test. For follow -up tests, you should probably always be testing Sniper. Okay, so if you're doing a follow up video test, or follow up, basically an iteration, okay, if you're doing an iteration or variation of a video or an iteration or variation of an image, you should be using sniper. But to keep it simple for you guys, with marksman method specifically, so if you're doing initial image testing, just use marksman. If you're doing initial video testing and like Marksman is confusing, you're like, I don't know what to do, then just use Sniper method and that's it, okay? 

0:13:38
Everything I'm about to talk about, you don't have to worry about, but for those of you that are confused, all right, images, Marksman, Sniper method, videos, done. 

0:13:45
It's that easy, don't overcomplicate it, that's it. Okay. So if you are the person that's getting confused and you're not as advanced, then don't worry about Marksman videos. It does not matter. I showed you an example to help it make sense, but now I'm going to get in and kind of talk about what is going on here. Okay. 

0:13:59
And so again, just to repeat this for images, it's very easy to test the marks method. You have your three different angles and you test them congruently in your ad and that's it. And again, just to prove this point one final time, you guys should remember this, make your images congruent, right? Doctor design. Stainless steel, the world's cleanest, right? We have a doctor here in the image ad, great, right? 

0:14:19
We have the stainless steel being shown here, great. Cleanest, we have a clean aesthetic background, great. Make your images congruent. Don't worry about the images being different. Just make the best ads you can, okay? However, with image ads, going down here, just so we're on the same page, as much as images are simple and easy to test, most people suck at execution and can get turned off from an angle because they screwed up execution. 

0:14:45
Okay. We're going to get into a module that talks about the execution problem, but just so you know, just because images seem simple and this is very important. I'm going to, I'm going to bold and underline this just because they seem simple does not mean that they are simple or that they are easy. Okay. And so to really double down on this, a lot of you guys even, I'm going to go full screen for this. Cause a lot of you guys are like, should I do videos and images in a separate campaign? 

0:15:09
It's like, no, you just like your image ads aren't getting spent because they suck. And at the end of the day, it is a lot harder to make a good image ad than it is to make a good video ad. And I'll stand on that because at the end of the day, to make a good image ad, like you've got to be good. man like you've got to have a sick headline you've got to really think about how everything works together and you don't have 30 seconds to explain how your shit works you've got one one by one box or four by five box to basically communicate everything that you need to communicate Right? And so that's why it's harder. And a lot of you guys also in image ads don't even consider the primary copy. 

0:15:46
So the copy that goes in the Facebook ad, a lot of you guys don't even consider that one. That plays a huge role for image ads, which we're going to get to at some point. But my point is, is like your image ads aren't getting spent because they suck. That's why. 

0:15:56
And so most of the time, especially if you're going to follow this Marksman image ad method, if these don't get purchases or these don't get spent or whatever, it's just because your images are not that good. 

0:16:05
Like your ads are not that good. Okay. And so we have the templates to show you what great image ads look like, right? Like if we, if we pull up these templates, like these are great image ads, guys, they're great. 

0:16:15
There's a puberty style, simplified us versus them. 

0:16:18
Nutella style. Love it. Boom. Here's a 12 hour shift shoot. Like that's a banger headline. 

0:16:23
Some of you guys look at this, you're like, Oh, whatever. 

0:16:24
But it's like, that is just such a good headline, right? I actually lost 12 pounds at 52. Okay. This is a meal, not a protein shake. 14 plus hours, no swelling. Like these are good image ads. 

0:16:36
Okay. So it's not that image ads aren't better than or images or videos are better than images or whatever you guys tell yourself. Like at the end of the day, you probably just suck at making image ads, but I want to really double down on this because just because images are easy to make does not mean that they are easy to make good. 

0:16:51
Okay. 

0:16:51
So hope that makes sense. Now, the question is how do, how do marksman methods work? 

0:16:56
How does the marksman method work with videos? 

0:16:58
Right. I just showed you, I just showed you an example, but you might be like, Oh, great, Spencer, like you have a product where you can easily show what it does. 

0:17:05
Awesome. 

0:17:06
Right? Well, there's a very simple answer to this. For those of you who know, basically, whenever we test 322, it means that we test three variations of the hook. Okay? Sometimes the bridge, but it's mainly just the first three to five seconds. 

0:17:22
And I'll even add a caveat there, because sometimes it gets up to 10 seconds. 

0:17:27
Sometimes we optimize the first 10 seconds. Nowadays, the first 10 seconds of the video, we optimize before we actually put the hold that applies to everything else, okay? So at the end of the day, when we're doing this, you have to know that when you make the hold, it has to be universal enough to support all of the angles that your hook has set up, okay? That is it. Put in the terms of this training, as long as your hold is relevant to the core avatar that you're targeting, and again, kind of hitting on that desire, you're fine, okay? And when you're testing the Marksman method, you need to focus on making the hooks more specific and the holds more generic. 

0:18:10
Because again, with the sniper method, we're going to make the holds better after. That's something that we do time and time and time again, okay? But example from above, POV you work night shift, POV you're a light sleeper, POV you have insomnia. These are three different hooks, okay? What does the hold show? Well, the hold's kind of generic. 

0:18:30
It shows blinds closing, complete darkness, and a good sleep. Okay, well, we don't actually show the sleep, but you get the point. 

0:18:36
These are three different avatars. 

0:18:38
One has insomnia, one's a light sleeper, one works graveyard shifts. They're completely different, which means they're different angles, okay? But they all have the shared desire, which is why having a desire -based core avatar is so important, to then tie the whole to that. Right? It's more generic. Now, again, this works because the body just demonstrates the mechanism total blackout that resonates with the core avatar and helps the specific sub avatar understand why we called them out in the original hook. 

0:19:05
Each hook though, calls out who needs it. 

0:19:07
And then the hold just shows why they need it in a very simple way. We don't go very deep because again, we're initial testing phases here, right? 

0:19:14
We're gathering data. 

0:19:15
All right. Who's stopping to look at this thing? 

0:19:17
Who cares about this? 

0:19:19
Right? And then again, hold is just more generic. And again, for most initial video concepts using Marston method, the hold does not need to be ultra specific to any of the hooks yet. Okay. 

0:19:30
Now, if you make the hold more aligned with the hook, and this is where a lot of you guys, I think get, when I say make the best ads, a lot of you guys do that. 

0:19:38
And then you get frustrated and you're confused. And so that's why I said, if you just want to use sniper method for videos, you can. But for those of you who are bearing with me here to try to figure out how Marksman applies the videos. Okay. If you make the hold more aligned with the hook, will it perform better a hundred percent? Which is why we do that in the sniper approach. 

0:19:57
The goal of the Margin Method is really not to make super winners, although we've seen it happen. It's to get direction. And again, remember, direction is telling us what we need to double down on. And so if we can get a direction on what hook is grabbing people's attention, then we can optimize the rest of the video using the sniper method. Now, it's important to note that if your hold is too specific to one angle's context, so for example, the hold shows someone coming home from work at 7 a . m. 

0:20:24
, again, going really, really deep on someone who's a night shift worker, and then you slap POV you're a light sleeper in front or POV you have insomnia, it just doesn't really make sense. Or essentially what you're doing is if we go back to the avatar scale, you're going after this avatar that does all of this, but then also is a light sleeper and potentially has insomnia. Now it could, could that happen for sure. But at the end of the day, I mean, I could think of more ridiculous examples, but I think you guys get the point. 

0:20:50
The hold really only, this hold here really only works for POV you work the night shift because we're talking about things that happen from the night shift, which is why I mentioned here, it was an extra cue. 

0:20:59
execution problem for my team where, hey, we kind of did like half sniper, half marksman method here. 

0:21:04
And I think that's dumb. 

0:21:06
Like if you're going to go after one angle, like go after it. You know what I mean? saying? Like, make a good hold. Okay. And then there's going to be strategies later on where I say, okay, if, if we put a lot of time investing into a hold, but the ad flopped, let's come back and just change out the hooks. 

0:21:19
Let's just make the hooks better. Let's execute the hooks differently. That's another advanced strategy. We don't need to talk about that yet, but at the end of the day, my point is, is that if you're going to use the Marshall method, your hold is going to be more generic. If you're going to use the sniper method, your hold is going to be more specific and the hook is basically going to lead to that specific hold. Okay, again, Marksman method with video works when the hook calls out a specific sub avatar or angle, and then the hold demonstrates the shared desire of the core avatar or the broader angle, okay? 

0:21:47
Once you understand what direction meta is favoring, then you optimize the rest of video for that hold, deeper with the sniper method to amplify the behaviors, experiences, emotions for that sub avatar for that angle. Again, the Marksman method is great for finding directions fast, okay, which angle resonates, but it lacks depth. So once you identify the direction, You then use the Sniper method to create more tailored videos that go deeper on the angle. In this instance, the three variations will be different executions of that angle. So again, just to be clear, if we go back to this example, say we use Marksman method to test one headline from here, one headline from here, and one headline from here, right? We test three images. 

0:22:21
Our variations are angle one, angle two, angle three. And because we only have three variations, we have to pick the best hook for this, the best hook for this, and the best hook for this. And then say melatonin becomes the angle or the image ad that a lot of people like. Well, guess what? Now we're going to double down on this angle and we're going to execute it in the variations three different ways. Okay. 

0:22:41
So I hope you guys are following here because again, I want to pause one final time because it's so important to note this, that at the end of the day, your customers, I said, don't give two shits. They don't give two fucks. 

0:22:55
If you're right in the evolve version, if you're running marksman method or sniper method, okay. 

0:23:01
They care about the ad that's in front of them and what's in it for them. okay? So if you're confused about these two methods, again, stupid dumb brain mode, just stick to Marksman means images and Sniper means videos. That's it. If you're going to do a video ad, go deep. If you're going to do image ads, test more angles. 

0:23:21
That's it, okay? Make the best ads that you can for every angle and sub avatar, okay? And just make sure that you're testing customer first ads Completing feedback loops so you know what's going on. Again, you could test fucking shotgun method. It does not matter because you guys are going to know what's going on if you complete feedback loops. That's a big if, but if you complete feedback loops, then you'll be able to know. 

0:23:46
But hopefully this shows some strategy about how we do it. Let's get into some more examples here. Again, when your coffee still tastes perfect six hours later, me offering a caveman unbreakable ceramic because I couldn't think of anything better to do with the time machine. Concept, meme static ads. We just said, hey, let's do some meme ads. Angles here. 

0:24:02
What are the angles? Keeps your coffee hot for six hours. And then the other one's unbreakable ceramic. The variations. 

0:24:07
When your coffee still tastes perfect six hours later. 

0:24:09
Me offering a caveman, blah, blah, blah. 

0:24:12
Format, meme style, testing method, Marcia method, explanation. 

0:24:15
Again, with this ad here, as you can see, we have a concept. 

0:24:19
to do meme static ads, but meme static ads about what? 

0:24:23
In this instance, we decided to go after an angle around how it keeps your coffee hot, as well as an angle about how the cup is unbreakable. Now, could these have been a lot, done a lot better and been more relatable if we actually went deeper on the sub avatar? Absolutely. But unfortunately our team didn't for this. Okay. Because they didn't have the training when we were doing this, but I wanted to include this one to help you guys understand that again, even if our concept is to do meme static ads, we have an emphasis on what the meme static ads will be about. 

0:24:53
Okay. 

0:24:54
Example number five, here's a really good one. 

0:24:56
This was actually an iteration that we did. So you could see again here, all right. you guys can play a game with me here. Don't risk a career -ending injury. This is the best way to stay protected. Boom, 360, blah, blah, blah. 

0:25:10
Great. 

0:25:11
This is the best way to prevent career -ending injuries. Boom, boom, boom. Okay, another one here. Here's an example of a bridge. So you can see we did one small little connector here and then boom, we get into the rest of the video. Now again, our team did not execute this well. 

0:25:32
How? Because as you can see here, this is all generic shit. Breathable, this, secure, zero distractions. We don't talk anything about a career -ending injury. We started with a career -ending injury, right? Look at these variations, career -ending, career -ending, career -ending. 

0:25:52
We don't provide any more context. So again, this is an execution problem. And I want you guys to be able to spot when your team is doing this as well, or when you're doing this, because it's like, is there anything here that is actually, yeah, sure. Like we're talking about like 15 times stronger than steel, 360 neck and wrist, right? Breathable, comfortable, secure, zero distractions. But think about it this way, guys. 

0:26:14
What if I said, this is the best way to keep your neck protected? I'm not talking about career ending. Maybe I'm saying it's the best way to keep your neck protected. Or what if I say, this is the most comfortable base layer in hockey. Does the rest of this ad still work starting here? Because again, this right here is a bridge, but does this still work 15 times stronger? 

0:26:34
360 neck and wrist protection, breathable. Yeah, it kind of does. Maybe we would put breathable first, but at the end of the day, like this is super generic. And so a lot of you guys are just doing dumb. It's not dumb, but you're doing generic shit like this. And then you're wondering like, Hey, why isn't my sniper approach? 

0:26:49
I'm starting with a really good hook here, but now this is just generic. There's nothing. I don't tell a story. about someone who almost had a career -ending injury. I don't have anything that says right after this hook, like X percent of people are inches away from a career -ending injury. I'm not going deeper on that. 

0:27:06
I'm just being generic, which is why this ad didn't work. And I know that because this ad didn't work, but I'm showing it to you guys as an example of like, again, we have one angle that we're focusing on here, but I feel like it's good for me to show you guys more examples of ads that don't work, because most of the time you guys make ads that don't work, and then you wonder why, but this is a great example of why. You see what I'm saying? I didn't mention anything about the text here. I didn't mention anything about the clips that we're using. I just mentioned like, hey, this has fucking nothing to do with career -ending injuries. 

0:27:37
Sure, it kind of does, but it's not specific. No behaviors, no experiences, no emotions, right? Where is that stuff? Again, that's why this ad didn't work, okay? So again, Hopefully that makes sense. And then here's the final one down here for you guys as well. 

0:27:53
Example number six, ones that we actually did some sample as that we did for Rabbit Tech. Concept, kid's angle. The angle here is we're selling how the R1 is great device for kids. Variations, tech independence, not app dependence. 

0:28:05
The only AI device your kids should use. 

0:28:07
Safer than a phone, smarter than a book. Format, product photography and headline. Testing method, sniper method, again. As you can see here, some of you guys might also be like, hey, Spencer, couldn't this be a could this be a marksman method? Because maybe you have a sub avatar that has who has a kid who's dependent on apps. And then another one where it's like, you know, their kid is asking about AI and then another sub avatar where it's like, you know, they They don't read books or like they want their kid to read more books or something like that. 

0:28:35
Sure. And this is where again, I just, I just want to go full screen for this because you can get stuck in the angle matrix. Okay. You can get stuck in this, like, is it marksman? Is it sniper? Like at the end of the day, like just make the best answer you can. 

0:28:47
Okay. And so even, even as I go into the explanation, here, and this will actually help it, like this is the sub avatar that was made, right? Desire wants their kid or kids to be safe. Demographic, obviously a parent with kids or a kid. Emotion is worried about tech affecting their kid. 

0:29:02
And behavior is like they take away their kid's device to limit screen time. Boom, this would be an example of doing a sniper method on this specific sub avatar. Okay, we're just communicating to this sub avatar three different ways. Okay. But again, my, my, my goal with all of this is to help you guys understand Like, here are some examples of how those methods are being identified, and here's how we're identifying everything from angle to variation. Yeah, some angles are very broad. 

0:29:29
Some angles are very specific. 

0:29:31
At the end of the day, again, angles exist on a spectrum, but hopefully this just shows you guys how these methods work, and it shows you guys examples of ads that aren't done great, ads that are done phenomenal, okay? And at the end of the day, I want you guys to know that this stuff is not meant to trip you up, it's meant to give you a guide, okay? 

0:29:46
So you've gone through, you know what desires are, you've got some core avatar, Right? You've started to build all these different sub avatars, all these people that have all these problems that have these specific experiences and behaviors and emotions. From there, you get angles. How do we test those angles? Well, if you want to test a lot of them at once, especially in initial swings, you use the Marksman method. If you want to test one specific angle because you're really confident in it, you can use the Sniper method and then you just keep going. 

0:30:11
You just keep testing. That's it. 

0:30:14
right? 

0:30:14
You guys are already there now. Now the only, the only thing that will hold you back from being successful with this is your ability to execute. How well can you execute the ad? And that's when we're going to get into the execution problem, which is probably going to make a lot of you feel understood and make a lot of you be like, ah, Now I know why my ads suck. It's because of the skill issue. Okay. 

0:30:36
Because I could promise you there are people out there because you've seen them, you found them. 

0:30:41
There are people out there that are tired of their dog pulling. right? But how come if you take an ad and you put it on Facebook and you say, tired of your dog pulling, buy my shit, why don't people buy? It's because you suck at execution. Okay. And so we're going to get into the execution problem and we'll show you guys how to avoid some of the X, like how some of the pitfalls of execution problem and making like wrong learnings, like, Oh, people don't care about this angle because sometimes you might have an angle that works, but again, your execution was just bad. 

0:31:12
But if you can follow what I'm about to give you, the recommendation I'm about to give you in the execution problem module, as well as the upcoming hopeful Matt, hopefully a masterclass on how to stop sucking at writing ads. Uh, you guys are going to be in a, in a way better spot. So. I'm excited for that, but hopefully this module is helpful. Hopefully it's helped you guys understand everything a lot deeper. And if you still have questions again, let me know, because getting feedback on this stuff is extremely helpful to help me clarify my points and help you guys really understand and get out of this analysis paralysis brain and just focus on pure execution. 

0:31:43
Because again, without execution, without action being taken from this stuff, it's not going to help you get anywhere. So. Go and take some action from this. If you aren't planning on it, go and do it. If you need to take a breather, because it's been a 30 minute video, take a breather. But it's time for you to go take some action and start crushing out some ads.


Transcribed with Cockatoo
