All right, one of the most important modules and one of the most gate cap ones. How do you find winning products? But not just what your typical guru says, copy, paste things, test it for three days and see how it does, go and Ali express, copy, paste a bunch of fashion products. That's what we're going to dive into today. I'm going to teach you guys how to look at winning products from a brand building perspective. So you can become a brand builder, not a copy, paste drop shipper. And there's been a few gurus who have offered to pay me tens of thousands to learn this. You'll be surprised. They have done the 100K days, you know, with fashion, job shipping, but they are afraid of starting their own brand. They are afraid to start brands in a vertical like supplements because it's competitive. If that's the mindset you have, you shouldn't watch this video at all. It's not for you, right? Brand building is what allows you to scale to big numbers to the $100 million per year and build something that is excitable. It is going to be hard. If you guys are looking for quick solutions, some quick tips or some secret strategies of how to find winning products, this video is not it. I'm going to teach you guys how to think so you guys can actually build a brand, not quick strategies. If that's what you're looking for, you'll never be able to build a real brand. Click away from this video. For those of you who are willing to put in the work, I shall begin. So first of all, what is the myth? People always say, "Oh, how can I find an immediate product? a willing product. The thing is you can make any product work. Any product can be a willing product. Right? How come? How does it make sense? There's no magical product research method that guarantees you success. It's not about the product research method that guarantees you the brand. It's not true because regardless of where you found the product, through Aliexpress, Facebook, wherever else, TikTok, you can make it work as long as it fits a few criteria. People always ask you what's the winning niches you are going to now? Doesn't matter. It evolves like three other dudes inside. I've seen dudes crush it with brands from different niches supplements fashion A whole lot of different ones also doesn't matter Second thing a lot of you guys who have been told if you guys have you know purchase info from elsewhere before Pay 10k for some some dude to tell you to copy paste spam testing is bs If you're relying on spam testing to find winning products, that basically means your entire success is based off luck. You just rip a bunch of products, you don't even know which one's gonna work, you just send it and hope something sticks. That basically means you're doing a VA job. Do you want to be a professional VA or do you want to build a brand? If you want a copy paste, go ahead bro. This video is not for you. what we're going to be going through is how to test within 10 and thinking through why we want to test something. That one, instant success. Gurus will tell you success will come easy, you know, just follow my method, etc. But building a brand really takes time and persistence. It's really strictly going to take you a lot longer than you think you'll need to succeed. And it's not that you just test, okay, test it one day, two days, not profitable, you move on, not a bidding product. It's not how brand building works. If that's how it would work, most brands out there won't exist at all. You can hit a winning ad. It might take you two, three weeks of being unprofitable for you to hit it. And then suddenly you hit it, then everything takes off already. So you need to unlearn a lot of things if you've consumed content from elsewhere before. Gurus have came to me by the hit 100K days. They're literally scared, bro. You're scared to do anti competitive niches like supplements because they never learned this skill. They need to unlearn everything, which is what I'm going to teach you today. Right. Mind said wise, all of you guys who watch this are going to be beginners. Here's what to expect. First of all, expect to fail. Like I said, it's going to take you a lot longer to succeed than you think it is. I started out with $100 in my bank account from Southeast Asia. I made, I read a story, it was actually profitable, but I didn't cash flow for it. So I need to do other things to get cash flow. Cash flow is very important when you're first starting out. Don't just think you can put, you know, people tell you to $3,000 down and then you can succeed. So how it works. Yes, you know, you have 3,000 in your bank account. That's good enough to start. You always need cash flow. Whether that's part time job, work Uber, whatever it is. So because when you're first starting out, expect to suck, right? And it's okay because you haven't spent the hours that you acquired yet. And this video should be positioned right after the videos of mindset of how many hours it takes to succeed. And after the videos regarding some of the market fundamentals as well, if not go watch those because those will tie into what we're going through today. So likewise, winning products, making a brand work, it's all a skill, right? Your first 100 hours, you're going to suck balls, but maybe after the 100 hours, suddenly you start to see success again. Second thing, chase high in 10 reps, but not perfection. A lot of beginners fall into trap where they need to make everything perfect, but that's not how success works. The more you do something, the better you get at it. It's not the more time you spend not working on something, you get better at it. The more you test, the better you get. So you only get better through practice. So don't be too fixated on making it have something perfect. Right? If you want to find a product, give yourself a timer. I'm going to find this product and build out a story. Eight hours. Eight hours is the limit. If I spend more than that, it doesn't matter. I'm going to launch it. This will help you stop chasing perfection. Perfection is something that nine to five years, always often chase. Whereas, dudes who have made it will always tell you it's about taking action. That's what you learn the most. Third thing, intent. Most people just blindly test and put something works. Your gurus will tell you, oh, you know succeeding after you tested 100, 200 products? Test more. Great. If you're doing the same thing over and over again, you're still fucked. Yes. That's the definition of insanity. Cause you're relying on luck to succeed at this point. If you checked everything you did, every creative is tested and listen why you want to test it. That is what intent is. You're thinking through it. Great. Why is intent important to the next point? Feedback loops. I always tell people that e-commerce is one of the businesses where you have a hundred percent success guarantee. How? Think about this way. When you start, you might have a 1% at a product hit rate, maybe less. If you tested a hundred times, you're guaranteed to succeed, but you need to test a hundred times. It might not be the first time you test it, like you succeed. It may be the 50th or it may be the hundred time, but if you do it enough times, you will succeed, provided you actually learn from what you're doing. Why? Because if you do the same thing over and over again, your hit rate always stays the same. I put here 1%, it could be 0.01. If you test a thousand, 10,000 times to see one building product, that's not realistic, right? You burn like five, six figures just on that. It's not realistic. The beauty of it is, since we tried everything, you know why we wouldn't test a creative, whatever, we can also see, okay, I tested something, it didn't work. Why do I think so? What can we do to improve? The more you do this, the more you review, the hit rate is going to go up initially it's 1%. Okay. Maybe that increases to 2%, 3%, 4% and you do this through reps and you do it through feedback loops. Right. Last thing after you piece all together, you put in enough hours, enough reps, enough feedback loops. Like I said, it is guaranteed, but you need to persevere through. It may take you a few months, a few weeks or even a year or two to see the success you want. So that's what you should expect going into the actual product research. So there is two parts to this video. The first part I'm going to teach you what to look for some examples, case studies. The second one I'm going to show you like a life walkthrough of how I actually look at things. So the first one is a protein criteria for product success. There's a few things. First of all, AOV and product margin. Ideally your AOV in total after bundles is more than $60. Why? If you're targeting US, for example, there is a certain cost of a size. You hear the terms like CPMs cost per thousand impressions in the US. It's pretty much fixed. So the cost, if you're selling something that's too cheap, $10 for example, but your cost of a time is $20, there's zero, zero chance that you can actually make it work. Hence, if you have a higher AOV, it allows you to spend more. Maybe instead of needing to be profitable at $20, you can for something that's $30. That's $10 more than your competitors, for example. I afford to spend a lot more. Eventually, as ads get more expensive, more competition comes in, you still be fine to be protected. You might see early success with AOVs lower than this, but in the long term, you're on a scale big to build a brand. It's very, very hard. Second thing, it's good to always aim for the minimum of 3x the markup on cogs and shipping. let's say Cox and shipping in total cost you $10 to the US, it needs to be at least $30. Ideally more. If not, if your models are too low, it also give you problem when you scale in the future. Ideally, you know, 5x is good as well, but it depends. Right. I'll show you what's how to do it in the next video. What else do you look for? Trends. So I always tell people what people ask me, what what trends would you go into now? I don't care if it's a hot product or not. What I care about is the trend dying or not. If I was to sell keto products, we used to do Google Trends, right, pretty simple, it's free. I search up keto. Shout out Malaysia. Let me switch to the US. Oops, US. Look at the past five years. It's a trend up or down, consistently down over five years. I'm not fighting against the macros, the zero turns you can win. Same thing. All if you were to sell newspaper now, you had a big publication. Let's see. Consistently down over five years as well. I wouldn't do that. Whereas if you do something like, I don't know, gym. Five years. Actually up, not bad. Even if it's flat stagnant, that's fine as well. The money is made in standard and training markets, but not in declining ones. So if you sell a product, you can search up the niches related to it. Let's say Colostrum, Probiotics, whatever, you can search it up. If the trend is not down, you're fine. The last one is just product weight. It's only something for beginners. I would avoid heavy items that will make it complicated to ship. So if you're beginners, let's focus on more lightweight items. To give you an example, a heavy item, let's say this was a pretty hot product. I think some people should sell it during COVID. People will sell generators to the EU. I think it was because I forgot which country where they stopped buying oil from Russia. Then okay, they didn't generate this for some reason. Yeah, these are expensive. There are a few kilograms. Shipping is expensive. When you reach customs, customs are going to ask you questions. I would just avoid it totally. Things like supplements, skincare, all those are like light-weight items you completely find. Last thing, you might have heard people tell you you need to focus on LTV subscriptions. If you're a beginner, don't worry about that at all. Okay? So is the AOV profit margin make sense? Try not to die, product is not super heavy? You're fine. It's a key criteria. All right. Now on to the source. What is a winning product? Most of you have already seen on YouTube, people will tell you. The fun fact, I actually started out my first store watching one of Ecom King's video, shout out, top 10 products to sell. These videos are all bullshit. They're just gonna find, like, you know, on Aliexpress or whatever, to their selling you, send it for their affiliate. But the thing is this, what even is a winning product? You don't know. Let me explain to you. A winning product is a product that satisfies a mass desire. If you don't know what a mass desire is, it's because you didn't watch the previous video. This whole presentation is useless if you do not watch the previous modules. Go ahead and watch those first. Okay? Do not skip. Do not jump to short cuts. The people who jump to short cuts and never make it, never become successful. And to answer your question, can efficient product also satisfy a mass desire? Yes, it can. Moving on. So, okay, you can find a bunch of different products that satisfy a mass desire. This I mean that all of them will work out. Sort of. Yes, like I said, you can make any product work, but the difficulty of each product will vary. On what? Let me show you the next slides. Okay. So what affects how easy and hard is it to make a product work? The first thing, magnitude of desire. I recovered already in the market desire video of what it is. There are levels to many suits to the desire. Some products solve stronger desires than others. And if you had a product where it solves a strong desire, it could even be more expensive, quite small effort, but it still sells really well. Example here. Let's say you were to sell something like desk organizers, cable management clips, you see the viral on TikTok, right? It only covers a weak desire. Let's say it's to make your desk organized. These products often cheap, like I already covered. If the AOV is too low, you'll never be able to make it work. Which is why you might only see these products pop up in TikTok organic, where they don't have ad costs, but you'll never be able to scale it far. Whereas instead you targeted a strong desire, people who need to lose weight, 30 pounds before their wedding in three months. It's urgent. It's for their wedding. Once in a lifetime, they have to lose the weight. Right? This is strong desire. Instead of selling cheap products, you can sell high ticket items. You can sell weight loss coaching to the 5000 new delivery services, treat 500 trading packages, thousand to $3,000. When they go with those procedures, 5,000 to 15,000 and people always pay it. And from a product perspective, okay, great. It's a strong desire and these things cost so much. What if I can find a product that sells it as even better, that is even cheaper? So let's say infinity hoop, right? You find a product like that then. Let me see if we find it. Ah, infinity hoop. Yeah, it's a weight loss chain unit that supposedly is-- it makes it fun. So now, it solves a strong desire, and it's better than all the other solutions in the market already. This many tier of desire. Always pick the one that has the strongest desire. Oh, before I stop. So it doesn't mean that you have to choose a problem-suffing product. Like I said, fashion also has a strong magnitude of desire because you know, it's not just look good. What do people want to look good for to attract the opposite sex? You know, because they are lonely, et cetera. It can also go very deep. But I won't cover too much about that onwards. Second topic, market awareness. Also explain in depth in the previous modules. Do not short-cast success. If you don't understand it, re-watch the video two, three times before you come back to this. So as you all know, the higher the stage of awareness, the harder it is to work. If it's unaware, it takes a significantly more skill level to make unaware work compared to product-aware or solution-aware. So as beginners, it's better for you to choose something that is solution-aware or product-aware. You might have the misconception where you need to do unaware to scale. It's a big problem. If you look at products out in the market and you look at competitors and you feel like you need to do underwear at the scale, I wouldn't do it at all. It's way too hard. Whereas if you can find a product where, you know, you can start right away in solution or product to wear, you're fine. If you need to do something so difficult to make it work, it's probably no worth your time. Right. And we scale to 800K a day, we just product the wear ads. So you don't need to go all the way up. Right. I know those big eight figures of money is just a problem with wear solution and wear, right? So your product doesn't need to do something revolutionary. Because we're not here to reinvent the wheel. We're just here to find a product that solves something existing even better. The third factor is market sophistication. Of course, like you've learned more sophisticated it is, the harder it is to stand out, but you don't, we don't need to be new to the market because new opportunities like that are extremely rare. I'm not going to invent the next of Zempik. I just, I don't have the cash. I didn't have to know how to do that. We can take even existing products in the market, drop shipping it and create a brand out of it. I'll show you guys examples of how it's all tied together in the next few slides. So another thing that you need to think about, how do you actually stand out? If you cannot create a unique mechanism for the product, or find it under the underserved avatar, I would avoid it because you don't have a refrigerator. The way you look at all these products in your market, why I give you these three factors, it's going to help you see for this product compared to the market right now, instead of a way I can stand out, through the sophistication, through the awareness, through the avatars, et cetera. Theory first examples I'll give you guys. So, you look at your product, you know these factors, how do you actually deal with competition and saturation? Like I said, there's a good example. People are always afraid of saturated markets. 'Cause saturated markets also mean that it's a big audience. If you can pierce through it, you make a ton of cash. It's a pitfall of all the copy-paste gurus out there. And this is why most of you cannot build a brand, because you do not know how to deal with competition. And the only way they win is by copy-pasting faster than others, because they have to resort to being first to market to win. Like I said, also, being first to market is extremely rare. And eventually, people are going to come to the market, the competitors. If you don't know how to deal with that, you will still lose. So next slide strategies on how it appears through saturated markets and take market share. Second thing, like I said, we do not need to start with stock or customized product in order to win. If you're a complete beginner, it's often a bad idea for you to start e-commerce by buying stock, because you don't know what you're doing in the first place. We're going to pick existing products, you know, drop ship it from China, test it for traction. Eventually, if it works out, then we can talk about branding it for the round. And you can still scale far even with existing products. You can set up from competition in other methods in the next slides. The main thing you need to know is to set up the two things. Either you innovate on a product or you innovate on the avatar. The three factors I talked about all tie into these things together. Either you have a new product or mechanism that solves the existing problem even better. Or you target an avatar that's underserved. Are there even true product or avatar? If you don't know how you're going to stand out in the first place when you test the product, you're going to fail. Finally, examples. Sean, what if you've been talking about this whole time? I'm going to give you examples in the market and the ones that we have worked with as well. Schiligy brand. Okay. We've helped to build five brands in, it involves the Shilajit brands over a million in a month. Despite the competition, some of them have been one year old, two year old, some of them maybe a few months old, yet they still scale so hard. Despite competition, how come? So we thought we'd know about market awareness and sophistication already. When Shilajit first started out, it was just this resin form. Of course, when you first start out, no sophisticated, you can make easy claims. get more energy, you take your PP high, but as more competitors come in, sophistication increases, more aggressive claims come. So the people start claiming it cures cancer, so crazy shit. At that point, no one believes what you're selling already. It's hard for you to do the same thing and make it work. So brands started coming in with, like I said, two ways of standing out, product. So instead of just this resin, they turned it into gummies, which is a new form of delivery and it's a new mechanism. Even though it, that's what it is, we've just resetted it from level four to five sophistication all the way to level one. It's a new mechanism now, right? So this way, the brands have done this still to seven figures a month. Besides that, okay, great, Sean, I don't have the cash, I don't have the resources to create a new product, new mechanism like that. That's fine. It's also worked with strategic brands. So the same exact thing, but we take it from a market awareness perspective. So, okay. Let's say we're at a point in the market where everyone is throwing out solution and we're messaging. Oh, self PP heart. Uh, what else is there? More energy. Great. 10 of brands already out there is putting out these claims. So everyone knows about the product already. What if in that case you just position your brand as the best? Not as productive messaging. What we say was just, yo, our product was lab tested to be better than the rest. Our product has been left tested to have more certain ingredients than the rest. This is all it took for us to win, even though we did not change the, um, what's the word, we did not change the product. And we didn't have to go all the way to unaware. Like I said, if we needed to go unaware to win, it's extremely hard to make it work. So you can go down the ladder also. First is product aware messaging and you work, no we skip to suffocate someone this way. Alright so I look at Shilligit right now if you want to pay a share in market is how you would do it. Okay and another example right tracking backtracking over here. You guys may have seen this product before. Astronaut Projector. Let it load. So the Astronaut Projector, you guys may have seen this product, it's been around for like more than five years yet there's still dudes to pop up with this product and do like 10 million in one year with it. How? If it's not the product or mechanism, it's going to be Avatar. Let's see, this guy made this more relatable. Let me just show you the brand. I'm not sure how much they're doing now, but I think in 2024, 2023, they did 10 million their first year with this. All they did was just go on TikTok, you know, recreate whatever was trending there, viral, organic, to their customer because no one was really targeting like super trendy Gen Z people at a time with this product. They all did it. It was under safe avatar. And it's funny this product is actually a variant of another product in the past projector starlight. Starlight projector. That's how it's called. Okay, there was a lot. There we go. These variants of the product came out before the astronaut projector. It was like one decade ago, about 10 years. People were selling this. So what do? First of all, the astronaut projector came out. That's a new mechanism. The dudes who sold this crashed it again. Okay, great. That completion comes in again. What do? Find underserved avatar, plashy, crush it again. This is how you look at products, right? You need to find ways of how to stand out beforehand. And like I said, the ways we find to stand out beforehand, the market awareness, sophistication, the avatar, the mechanism. Okay. One example. Let's move on. I'm going to show you more examples first, but personal matters do, factors do matter as well when you're choosing products. It's important to know yourself because if you understand your own passions and interests and you can choose a product that aligns with that, obviously be more passionate about it. You have more motivation, more enthusiasm. The chances of you being able to make it work is much higher. And since we are focused on starting brands, not just copy paste, give me key drop shipping products. If you really aligned with it, then you can order a product to yourself and just fill it. You have a huge advantage over your competitors if you can fill your own content whenever you need. This increases your chances of you making the product work. Second thing, only sell something you believe in. Do not sell these gimmicky products that you don't even think will work. There's no point selling it. Because conviction is very important in making something work. It's why for salespeople, the those who have conviction in their product sell the best. The same thing is going to apply to, to e-commerce. So let's say, uh, what would it sell? What's it called? Chin slimming. So it's called like these, these V-shaped things. I saw the skim K release this. Like these things won't work for people still sell there. Do you have conviction it will work? If yes, maybe you can make it work. If not, you're just selling gimmicky products to convince people to buy gimmicky products. Okay, great, Sean. How do you actually figure out if something's gimmicky or not or does it work? Easy question. Now we're on chat GPT, we're on Claude. Let's ask it. Yo, the chain slimmers actually work already up the seabull. Largely ineffective, unfortunate, probably wouldn't sell it then. Body shapers on the other hand, do they actually work? They do actually work. Oh shit. Great. I can sell it then. Oh, you can try it out. If you think the product works, you have conviction in it. You can sell it well. Only sell things that you believe in. Do not sell BS, give me key products. If not, you'll have a lot of troubles on the line making the brand work. You probably, once you encounter some struggles, you're probably going to just move on from the brand. I've seen it at the time. Right. Customers won't be happy. Your brand won't ever compound. It just won't work out long term. almost to the case studies. So second case study here. The previous case study we went through is for Schiller-Jit, right? How do you win with the new mechanism? How do you win with different product market-organised positioning? Stanley here, fun fact, Stanley was not actually made for these Gen Z girlies. They were made for construction workers. The product now and then is exactly the same. They won with a new avatar. So from market awareness and sophistication standpoint, the old market stage five sophistication is where you, you see a bunch of claims, right? You know, it's better than yeti. It has all these features, whatever, whatever. Whereas because they are a new avatar or new mechanism, it resets you from four to five stage of market sophistication all the way to level one. And what did that let them allow them to do instead of those messaging, The messaging is now, this cup helps you drink more water. Your emotional support water bottle. So the language you use, avatars you show is different now. It's the same as that product, but they make it work like crazy. Hopefully it's starting to make more sense to you. Another example, it's like, you could have an example of how you stand out through the avatar and how you stand out through the mechanism. And just so you know, how we do the research is the next video. Don't worry about it, it's covered. This is just theory first. So I want you to look at the same lens that I do. True Classic. True Classic is a nine-figure brand now. They stand out not just by avatar or mechanism. Two things-- both new avatar and both new mechanism. So when everyone else was targeting-- this is back in the years, right? High Beasts. Supreme came out. Gymshark came out. Hades was always there. There was a brand called Cuts. They all targeted different avatars. But true classic font and underserved avatar, which was due to the dead bots. You can see this image over here. Why? Because at the time, there were no shirts that fit dead bots. Because all the traditional T-shirt marketing was-- I thought it was like Hypebeast dude, super cool. Models with six packs. Dudes for athletic fit, which don't look good on dead bots. That's the underserved avatar. Whereas for their marketing, they just chose regular dudes, realistic bodies. They showed them looking better in the same before and after. This exact picture shows it. And since this 30 to 35, the scenarios is usually going on a date with their wife or in office. They showed their scenarios. They related to the avatar that was underserved. And in terms of the new mechanism, how they do it. The previous market sophistication of stage five, because obviously everyone is just shirts, right? Something crazy. Everyone claims that the softest, highest quality, best fit, it's hard for you to stand out. Whereas if you changed the avatar, or if you changed the mechanism, either or you can reset it to six one. And then that about professional, you know, there was no one else that acknowledged this avatar, nor did they offer any solution to it. There was a competition. It was one of one. Besides that, the new mechanism innovation is that instead of just being fit for athletic fits, whatever tech they call it, they put their own name on it. It hides your gut and hunts your shoulders to make your dad, from what? From that bot to daddy. It's literally the marketing. Okay. So same thing, market sophistication standpoint. Avatar can reset it all to level one because it's a new avatar or mechanism. you can reset it as well to level one as well. At that point, you can make any claim you want. This is how you stand out. Right? Hopefully these examples gave you a better sense of how you look at products. Cause when you look at products, you need a way to stand out compared to everyone else in the market. Not often are you going to be first to market. Sometimes you will. If you're first to market, you can just say the existing claims, or if you're not, you can still win through these methods. Look at how can you find a new underserved avatar? You look at how can you find, uh, create a new mechanism and a new mechanism doesn't even need to be like a custom product or whatever. Like we said, custom products are not a good idea. You can also name features in your product. If let's say, okay, let's say this Stanley cup, right? Instead of just it being now stainless steel, it's super rugged. So it lasts for construction workers. You put a new name to it instead of just being, I don't know, what's the word to use? Double wall, the cube installation. You can spin up some name for it. It can be called, you know, the Stanley Gurley's, water cooling. You know, think of something that they use AI to help you out. That's a new mechanism. And it does the same exact thing, but to a new avatar instead of just couple like this, this double wall, the cube installation. This new mechanism helps you, you know, drink more water or keep your water cool. Why is it keep your water cool? So that this becomes emotional support water bottle. It's like the same exact feature, but with a new mechanism, it just renamed it to a different purpose. Hopefully that makes sense. Okay. So all we talked about today, it all comes back to understanding the customer. All of you dudes, I think most of you dudes who clicked on this video wanted me to go through the strategies. Oh, go through AliExpress, go through this Secret Spy 2 to find a product. That's not how you build a brand. If that was, if that was, it was that easy, people would run AI boards just to scrape and do endless of those tasks. That's why copy paste brand owners, not copy paste, drop people exist. But their stores never last long because they don't know how to market. They don't know how to pierce through the situation. That's what I covered in this video. It all comes back to understanding your customer. When you do the research to figure out what pain points do they currently have, what's the stage of awareness, sophistication, what unasserved ever times exist in this market, it's all research. And I'll give you the last example here. Like I said, success is going to take you longer than you expect, right? It's exponential graph. Just so you guys don't know what an exponential graph is. Let's look it up. Exponential graph. At the start, it's slow. The everything bounces up pretty fast. Any example here? Rx bar. Rx bar was a brand founded in 2016. Walmart partnership, 2017, they exited. RX Barrett exited, I think for 600 million. It took him four years to do it. Okay? So for you guys as well, you might not see that one a success and that's fine. The next slide, I'm gonna show you why it's important. So this guy Peter Rahal, he exited his brand for 600 mil, it took him four years to build a brand. Five, can count. Not only that, after he exited the brand, he had a five year non-compete. He waited for five years to be over. He started a new protein bar brand again. How come? Because he was already an expert in this vertical. For a lot of you guys, you guys keep jumping from one thing to another. You do not build expertise in anything at all. David Protein, his new brand, the first year he launched, was valued at $700,000. His RX bar is previous brand took four years or five years to get $600,000. His new brand took him one year to hit that. How? Skills compound, learnings compound. If you start to, I say, you found out that one vertical works really well for you or one avatar, stick to that. Do go deeper. I always recommend people to stick to this field of our tasks this way. You're not bouncing through, you know, that bot guys to female with menopause every single time. It's much better for you to stick to something one avatar, for example, and you can really get to a million amount of one brand you just wanted to have a task. We went deeper focused on one avatar, learning compound. It allows you to create better ads, products, and brands around this avatar. Hence jumping around all the time may not be the best idea. Here's one example. Second example as well. One of my friends, he's basically exiting his multiple brands for like 60 to 100 mil, a lot of money. And instead of just figuring out the winning product first, you start with the avatar. Because he already targeted you know, let's say pet owners, he went deeper into it and figured out what the pet owners need and built a few brands around that. Same pet owner avatar, instead of just doing brands across super different things. This video is a lot more complicated than you guys may have expected. That's intended to be this way. Like I said, gurus have tried to pay me 10,000s to actually teach them all this. And this will not really clip to you the first watch. So, and I talked about topics and marketing fundamentals talked about in the previous modules. We watched those modules a few times beforehand. We watched this video a few times beforehand as well. You need to understand these concepts if you really want to build a brand. The beauty of it, although hard to understand, if you understand how to stand out this way through the mechanism, through the avatar, looking at that products through the sophistication and awareness lens, you can make anything work. That's a very, very powerful skill, whether that is on e-commerce, software, info, you know how to pierce through the market already. So just to recap, the key product criteria is to look at when you choose a product. AOV ideally is over $60. Minimum markup, 3x on the cost and shipping. You want it to be trending in popularity or not dying in terms of Google Trends. I would avoid high ticket items for beginners. Second thing, choose something that aligns with your personal interests. It makes things much easier. If you're more genuinely passionate about it, you can make it work much easier. Third thing, all comes down to market research end of day. There's no secret trick. There's no secret tools, there's no AR you can use that will replace this. It's you and the trenches doing the research. Hopefully you guys got some value out of this video. Like I said, this video is more theory and what I would like to look at things. The second video is going to be a live walkthrough of me going through some tools we use, how I look at products, and applying the theories talked about here.