How To Make Any Product Work (Brand Building) Pt 1


Note: If you haven't watched the modules on Market Desire and Sophistication, watch that first. If not, you will not get it. If you try to shortcut success, you will never be successful.


And yes, there will be a follow up live prod research video part 2


To clarify: Changing the mechanism does not automatically mean it gets reset to level 1 sophistication, if you frame it as something entirely different it can be level 1, else same product new mechanism would be level 3.




Live Product Research w/ Kalodata - Pt 2


Checklist from the video:
1) For this method we're using a paid tool https://www.kalodata.com/signup?tc=evolve10. Code: evolve10 for 10% off. Kalodata is a tool that pulls the best performing TikTok shop products.

2) Filter at the product level. Last 7 days, Avg unit price >$15, sales growing rapidly.

3) Any of the products here not attached to a big brand (E.g. Goli, Shark, Comfrt) has the potential to be sold.

4) Go through the listings and look into the brand to verify if it is a big brand. Do a Google search, check their social media following. If they're a established brand they can easily afford litigation to take you down. Not worth it running bootleg versions.
5) Check the trademark websites on wherever you plan to sell to verify if the brand/product name has a trademark. For example in the US you may use https://tmsearch.uspto.gov/search/search-information (Free) or GPT/Claude to find out. If the product is called "Blood Elixir" and all the TT videos mention it, if you reuse those clips with product name mention there's a higher risk of getting taken down. In that case obviously use a different brand name and also different product name. Trademarked doesn't mean you can't sell the product, just means you can't use certain phrases on the site and ads.

6) Use https://pro.similarweb.com/ (Free) to estimate how much the store is doing. Always be more conservative. Let's say the average is 1% conversion rate (CVR). Estimate the AOV based on product selling price. Website visitors x CVR x AOV = Estimated Revenue. For this prod research method, the estimated revenue on the site is less important as some stores do a lot with TTS but not on their own website. Product can still sell via FB ads.

7) Do some basic research on the product. Go through the top performing videos from Kalodata TikTok shop videos and the comments. See what's the current angle they're targeting, who they're targeting, what the comments are saying.
8) Also go through https://www.facebook.com/ads/library and https://tryatria.com/?linkId=lp_879287&sourceId=shaun-eng&tenantId=atria (Paid tool - Optional) to see what the competition is running.
9) Do more research based on the subsequent modules on how to find your avatar. Wherever possible - Google search, YT videos, IG reels, Tiktok videos. We know there's only 2 ways to win if you're not first to market. A new mechanism or an underserved avatar. The subsequent module will cover the avatar side. Our goal with this research is to find if we can find new angles, mechanisms, or avatars we can target besides what the competition is doing so you can stand out. So we need to know what types of angles your current competition is running and the current market sophistication level.
10) Check with supplier if the pricing they can get makes sense. You want to use tools like Claude, GPT or Amazon to check what is the average price for the product you're going to sell so it's reasonable and within expectation. If you're selling super premium prices but only sell cheap low quality products it won't go well. After getting a quote or checking on AliExpress, see if you 3x'd the COGS (cost of goods) + Shipping, if the product still falls under the expected price range. E.g. $20 COGs total, $60 selling price, $40-60 is expected price based on Claude/Amazon.
11) After you found a potential product, all you need to do is rip the top 10-20 best performing (by revenue) videos that Kalodata shows, and run it alongside your own creatives you made based on research.

Note:
For brand new beginners, I do not recommend starting out with a higher ticket item like the 1st product in the video at $100+ product price. Starting out, finding finding products you can sell for $40-80 is good

And also, you can't rely on the ripped creatives to scale long term. Treat it as borrowed time. It's only a matter of time until it dies or gets taken down, even though the store has traction now treat it with urgency. Now you're profitable while trying to figure out how to create your own winning creatives that stand out.