we are good to go. So what we're actually going to do here is we're just going to take a look now
at all of the creators that we think are going to be a good fit for this client. So what I do is
just kind of pull up the client's Instagram and obviously if they have some content already,
that's great. You can obviously look at their website and make sure we're looking at the right
brand. And if we go ahead and we take a look now, we can see that this first girl that we are
checking out here is Sunday meal prep. So we can click her profile, check her out and she does a
lot of cooking videos, which is great. So she looks like she's a grandma, she might have some
grandkids as well. So this to me would be a good fit. So you can see, I've actually already selected
the shortlist. And what I'll actually do is if this client looks like a or this client is created,
looks like a good fit, then I will just send them a message to basically like, Hey, we notice you,
we're interested. I'm going to send you information with the client and get back to you as soon as
they confirm. So let me go ahead and get that copy paste message. So I can include it as part of
this SOP. All right, so as you can see, obviously, I'm in the process now of building out this
bloom document. So inside of here, there's going to be some scripts for you, or if it's a link to a
separate Google Doc with these scripts, then feel free to grab them there. But this is essentially
what we're going to send to each person. So now if I go back to where I was, for example, I can see
that this looks like a great creator, her name is John Allen. And if you don't know her name,
then you can just use the creators name, you can just use whatever they have here. So her name is
gentlemen, I would say it's awesome to hear your interest in clapping with us. Your profile looks
amazing. And I have forwarded to our team. I will let you know as soon as they confirm. My name is
Spencer, which obviously is going to be your name. And I'm managing this on behalf of the, you know,
innocent Baker team. Okay, now it's really important to make sure that they know that because obviously
there's going to be some time delays and communication with them. So just make sure inside of here,
you don't hire them number one, you just let them know that you're interested, you add them to the
shortlist, and then you are good to go on this creator. So I'm going to go ahead and send that.
And now we're going to go to the next crater, which is down here. So hi, my name is Avery,
I'm a full time content creator, blah, blah, blah. Okay, great. What I also look for is some people
just use a template. Other people actually let go all in and actually like customize it to us.
But if I'm checking out this creator, she looks really young. I don't know if she's going to be
an amazing fit for us. But obviously she's got a decent bit of a following. And what I also like
to do is then just check out her incense profile as well. So you can just click that view profile
and then see some of the content that she's done on incense. So I could check this out,
get ready with me. Cool. So just kind of checking her out to see not in that sense,
but just checking her out to see where her content looks.
Oh, he's cute.
So that's where she's talking about a towel.
So like for me, I don't know if I'm sold on it.
You know, if you're kind of unsure,
you can just leave it.
But again, the creator's not going to go anywhere.
So if I'm not unsure, I would just pass.
So now I'm going to go to this next grader.
Hello, my name is, you know, Joan, blah, blah, blah.
I came up with a brand of Mealy sparked my interest.
I have a nation creating for the beverage content.
I'm going to let you create content,
baking and cooking and so therapeutic.
So this creator put the extra effort in,
told us exactly what she's looking for,
and obviously gets it, right?
Yes, I would love to do a real showing
how to use and make the kit from start
and finish with my daughter.
I'd like to highlight the baking kit as a fan.
Amazing, right?
Let's check out her profile just to make sure
it's not anything crazy.
Yeah, she looks like she creates amazing content.
It's very, very, very high quality.
She's got a daughter that's at the perfect age for us
to, you know, of what we're looking for
for this specific brand.
So that's great.
So here's where, again, my camera's always wanting to come on,
where I didn't go back and I copy my message.
And obviously, once you update this,
I'm just going to update this to say, you know,
the innocent baker team.
I'm just going to copy this message now.
So all I have to do is put in her name
so I can see that her name is Avery, right?
So I don't know why, oh, her name is Jonae Nicole.
Oh, and this is the other crater.
There you go.
Okay, let's go back and my camera's popping on.
What's up?
Let's go ahead and pop in Jonae Nicole.
Oh, I'm trying to make sure he's got people's names, right?
And that looks great.
So, Jonae Nicole, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Looks great.
My name is Spencer.
I'm going to send a message and I'm going to add her
to the shortlist because, again,
she looks like a good creator.
On the next crater, again, I think you're starting
to get the idea here, romantic day night baking with love.
I will feature on a special baking night with my partner,
focusing on the romantic and intimate side of baking.
This is amazing, right?
So let's go ahead.
Let's check out her profile.
Oh, it's not available.
Okay, that's a little suspicious.
So let's just check out her incense profile.
Also good to see if she has like any reviews.
Now, I don't like the fact that I can't see her actual profile
and from this to this.
Yeah, that's kind of weird.
Yeah, the content doesn't seem that great. And she also doesn't have her Instagram. So I'm not even
able to like kind of check her out. Seems like she could be a great fit, but it is kind of hard. So
for example, in this scenario, say, Hey, you know, Jessica, could you send over, you know, your
Instagram or tick tock profile? It's not loading or whatever reason here on instance, right? And
just send that over. And you know, then you can take a better look, right? So if you want to do that,
there you go. That's why you can handle that. That's a good example. Over here, look at this,
the clear script. 25,000 followers to someone who loves baking, most of the core for me is measuring
everything. So I'd love to try simple recipes. Amazing. So let's go check this girl out, right?
The real destiny Maryland. She looks like she's kind of a party girl, but she, I guess, likes
the bake. So if this is something that we like, great, for the time being, I'm just going to
actually thumbs her up. She has kind of low engagement, but she does have kids. So again,
if I'm kind of in between, I checked the view profile, and I'm just checking it out. Okay. So
number of views, which kind of sucks, but she does have some kids and parenting videos,
how we made it for my niece, to see if she would notice that's actually really cute.
That to me shows that, okay, maybe she's got some good ideas. All right, let's try this one.
You're getting old.
Okay, you pack.
I'll be performing.
Okay, cool.
Yeah, there she is there.
She looked like she could be a great, a good creator.
So I'm gonna go ahead.
I'm gonna thumbs her up.
Just checking her.
Again, checking her out.
See how she's doing.
I would love to work with the company.
Okay, looking at it so far.
10,000 followers and some really good engagement.
Again, TikTok account.
Okay, maybe that's why she has 10,000 followers.
If you have the profile here,
you'll notice your tabs are gonna start to look like this.
You can see some reviews this year as well.
Choose a star.
Can't wait to collaborate again.
Check it out.
Right, good, a better idea.
Okay, so we can start to see what the credit looks like again.
If you're not sure, just pass it.
Here's a guy here.
Yes, I love baking.
Okay, great.
Here's another one over here.
Lift for each other hard.
I would love to create a very creative video
for one of your baking kits.
Over your ears.
Okay, great.
Lift life, travel hard.
I don't know what this profile looks like,
but I think you're starting to get the idea.
It looks like she's got some little kids as well,
so she could be a great fit.
So yeah, so this is a creator
that I would most likely thumbs up again.
Just looking at a bunch of different things
that I want to do is go through the rest of this process
and then essentially show you the next steps after that.
