All right, now that the client has confirmed the creators
that they would like to work with,
what I'm going to do is simply come inside of here
and I'm gonna copy this information
and move this over to the selected creators tab here.
And as you can see, I can simply come in
and I'm actually gonna grab the short list status as well
'cause I just realized that this price status is here.
So we can actually delete that.
Let's go ahead and re-merge this and fix the sheet.
All right, so now I've got all
of the client confirmed creators selected.
I'm gonna go ahead and paste them inside of here.
And now what I need to do is essentially just go through
and start basically hiring the creators.
And so that's what we're gonna do in this process here.
So we're gonna start basically just up at the top.
I'm not sure actually how incense ranks this.
I think it ranks it by a date like applied
and message and all that.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna go inside of here
and just copy the actual name.
And then I believe there should be a search filter here.
Yeah, so I can just search for the creator.
So well by Haley, it's a creator that we're gonna hire.
So again, as you can see, there's the creator.
I'm gonna go ahead and click hired on this,
click hire on here.
And what that's gonna do is it's gonna say,
all right, thank you for hiring this creator.
And you'll see that their shipping information
is now available.
So we're gonna get to that in a second.
But while we have this creator hired,
what we're actually gonna do is we're gonna go down
and we're now actually going to copy this template
of the hired creator message.
And we're simply gonna paste this in.
So we're gonna say, now that we've hired them,
hi, Haley, or hey, Haley, it's kind of a weird one.
So hi, Haley, our team is direct side of working in projects.
We need two things for you.
One, can you send over your email off or tracking purposes?
And then the reason why we do that is just to essentially
confirm, now you can't see their email here,
but when you download their shipping information,
you actually will be able to get their email.
So if you want to actually remove this, we can, but yeah,
I'm gonna go ahead and actually just remove this
from the sheet while we're doing this.
Actually, I'm thinking that back,
we're going to actually just keep this as is,
'cause we're also going to get them
to confirm their shipping information.
And the reason why is we just wanna make sure
that we're not sending to an old address
and we're not sending confirmation to the wrong email either.
So you're just gonna go ahead and copy face this message.
We need two things from you.
One, can you send over your email for tracking?
And two, can you confirm your shipping address?
Now, inside of here, you're just gonna copy
their shipping address and paste that in.
And then inside of here, also let me know
the products that you would like to receive.
So this is going to change from client to client.
So just to give you a few different examples
of this scenario, inside of here for one of our clients
over here that sells shoes, what we actually ended up doing
is we ended up sending a message to the creators
that said, hey, can you please let us know
your two favorite pairs of shoes from this collection
and of course, send every email address, whatever.
So similar kind of message, but now we're actually getting
the user to select the product that they want.
And obviously that's important because for example,
if we're gonna send shoes to someone,
we wanna make sure they actually select the shoes
that they want, right?
We don't want someone to be creating content
with a product that they're not interested in.
Now obviously this client has multiple skews.
So that's something where we probably need to make sure
that we aren't sending product that the creator doesn't want
which would obviously lead to poor and unauthentic content.
Now in this scenario for a separate one of our clients
where we actually had just a single product
that was being sent, you can see what I actually did
was I just asked the creators to let us know
if they had a preference on color.
So we already confirmed that we were just going
to send this product.
So we didn't need to say, hey, choose what product we want.
We just had, this is the product that we want
to create content for, just let us know
if there's a variant, if you want a black or a white one.
And so we didn't really need to do that,
but I went ahead and just asked the creators for that sake.
Now to give you a real example now,
as we're dealing with our client over here
at the innocent baker, if we can go ahead and load it up,
you'll notice that I'm going to actually use
the product linked for the kits.
So in the kits, we basically have two,
or two different ones that we're going to send,
or I believe it's just the one, let me double check.
All right, so we're a little bit more in the future here,
but as you can see, I actually just ended up messaging
the client and just saying, hey, can you confirm
if we're just going to send this main kit
or do you want to give the creators option
to choose their kit?
And I said, if I think we give them the option
to choose their kit, then we can get
a bunch of different donuts and that would be a lot better.
So what I actually had to do is I went through
and I actually created my own collection
as this collection was a bit of a disaster.
So essentially what I've done is I just created
a new collection forehand.
This is obviously not something
that you're going to have to do.
This is just a client that's just starting out
so they need quite a bit of help.
But with that said, I've essentially just gone ahead
and recreated this for them.
And now inside of here, we have the ability
to send this link to the creators.
Now, obviously, you should always wait
into the client confirms, but I'm just going to take a lead
on this 'cause he trusts me so it's a lead.
So this in your scenario, if you need to chat
with the senior strategist, please just message them.
But this is an example of the collection
that we would then send to the creators.
And essentially inside of here,
now the creator could tell us which one that they want.
So I'm actually going to go ahead and add this in here.
And I'm just going to simply delete this
in the same creator address.
So I can copy this one last time.
So name, beautiful.
I'm just going to copy this.
So I have that as the template.
And I just realized at the template,
I'm going to have to recopy it every single time,
which kind of sucks.
So I'm going to go ahead and copy this
and just store this back in my sheet for now,
just so I have it.
Apologies for me dragging you through this.
But we're now going to copy this, beautiful.
That is in there.
We also now are sending them to this collection
with the donuts for them to choose, which is amazing.
And obviously, this is going to say, hi, Haley.
Our team is excited to work with you.
Can you confirm?
Make sure the address lines up and like that.
You're then going to go ahead and send that message
and wait for them to obviously respond.
And now you're going to move on to the next one,
which is the K Ching creator here.
So we're going to copy this or Kaya Ching.
Great.
Oh, before I forget, I also have a cooking TikTok
that I can promote your products.
Cool.
Okay, awesome.
Well, you're already hired.
So you're good to go.
Now, of course, we're going to go back, we're going to copy our message here, and we're
this in and we're going to copy the user's info and we're going to paste that there and
obviously her name is kaya so I'll say hi kaya that is uh that is awesome that would be awesome.
on that profile.
With that said, our team is very excited
we're putting you on this project
and every other rest of the message is there.
Also, let me know the recipe.
This is where you should also customize this as well also.
Or finally, please let me know what recipe
donut kit recipe you would like to receive.
All right, so there we go.
So now it's actually a little bit more customized.
So we're going to copy this one more time
and we're going to face this in.
Okay, a name, beautiful.
And I'm going to drag you through this again.
Like that, now we've sent two messages to creators
and we're going to start to get some replies, right?
With that said, our team is excited, amazing.
And now obviously we're going to go back
and we're going to grab the next creator.
So this is styled by Paige, amazing.
Hired, let's go back, let's find them.
Perfect, hired, let's go back and copy our message.
And this will be the last one, just to show you again,
very clearly how this all works.
So there we go.
Hi Paige, great to have you on board.
Here's your address, please confirm.
Please let us know what donut kit recipe
you would like to receive.
And boom, just like that, we're now able to not send
the wrong message like I did there.
But it's okay.
Hi name, our team is very excited.
There we go.
So anyhow, there we go.
So that's the new message I would just send.
If you make mistakes, obviously it's okay,
but you can see I'm human.
But that's how you do it.
So now you're just going to obviously go through
and do it for the rest of them.
So that is the entire process
of how you ask higher creators on incense.
And then I'm going to film the next room
of how to actually export all those creators
into the sheet and let the client know.
