All right. So in this video, we'll be talking about why we use frameworks rather than scripts
and why this new framework is honestly the best one that we've made and why it's helping us actually
make ads that can scale and that can spend, you know, tens of thousands of dollars for you per month.
And ideally, help you scale your business and hopefully spend six figures plus per month for you.
Okay. So what is a framework? Okay. Now, I want you to understand that there's been a framework
in a script is that we are leaving this open to the interpretation of the content creator.
Okay, we are giving them some guidance, but we are not telling them exactly what to do
because we want the content creator to be authentic. Right. The example that I use is if I was to
tell you right now, for example, to make a video selling me, I don't know, these sunglasses. Okay,
here's the sunglasses. Now, your brain for selling these sunglasses might talk about something
different than my brain. Right. So for example, if you saw these sunglasses and they're actually
the Ray bands, and you maybe liked the style, or maybe you like the fact that they could actually
take photos and videos, or maybe you like the fact that I don't know they're the brand is Ray band.
Okay. And so it's a flex, right? Even though I don't want to take Ray bands flex anymore.
The point is, is that I'm able to tell you those three things and say, hey,
some people like that, you know, you can flex the logo. They flex the brand. Some people like
how they look. Some people like that they can take photos and videos. Right. From there,
you're going to choose the one that resonates most with you. And when you try the product,
you might be like, you know what, my favorite functionality is the fact that they're actually
comfortable. Oh, wow. That's not something that I mentioned. Well, maybe that's something that
people care about. Or as you'll get into here, maybe that's something that they don't care about.
But what the point is, is that I'm going to give you some ideas, but you're going to make the video
based on what you like best. And when you make a video based on what you like best, it's going to
be authentic. And so say, for example, if I told you right now to think of a video about how those
sunglasses are comfortable, you have an idea for that video in your head, right? Maybe you're doing
something different than what I'm thinking. And most likely you are. Because right now,
if I'm thinking of ways to show how comfortable the sunglasses are, I'm thinking of maybe I'd put
like pillows on my eyes or something like that, because that's what it feels like. It's so comfortable.
Right. Point is the idea that you're going to come up with is not always the idea that the
creation to come up with. And you want the creators to do what they're supposed to do, which is create.
All right. So with that, other way, now we're going to go ahead and we're going to talk about
how this is structured. There is one, two, three, four, five, should be six here. But there's six
ways or six total here, numbers, I believe there's six, unless I've missed something one, two, three,
four, that's, that's awkward, isn't one, two, three, four, five. I think it's because I actually
deleted a section just before this. So let me adjust this. And we're back. Yes, I made it
simpler for you guys. Okay. So the point is, is first off, you're going to start with your mission.
Okay. Why should somebody care about this? Right. We're likely going to be giving this
to product sitting creators or creators are not going to be paid a lot of money. If anything,
it's like a hundred bucks. If you're going to do a paid campaign, and that's something that we'll
talk about later, but we're using this for product sitting. If you want to use it for paid, you can.
And if we are doing paid campaigns, we still use this anyway. So it doesn't matter. But your
mission, why this video matters, plus a huge earning opportunity. Okay. Well, if I'm a creator,
now I'm interested. Okay. About the brand. Again, keep this simple. Do not go in and write five
paragraphs about your brand. Nobody cares. Okay, creators don't care. Nobody cares. Right. You
got to keep it simple. Right. We're going to get into some things about your brand down here. But
for right now, do some don't days. There we go. I need, I just want to explain in two to three,
maybe four lines max, right? You're going to show how this brand's name, which is Stokes.
Shatterproof leak proof cup is a game changer for busy modern women who demand their ability
style and performance in every sip. Hey, very, very simple. All right. Now I know what the
product does. Cool. What's in it for you? Right. Well, who do people care the most about themselves?
Well, you can become a brand content creator. If your first video becomes a winning ad,
you get the chance to join us on a $500 monthly retainer for regular content creation.
Earn affiliate commissions when your content drives sales and get a percentage of the ad
spin on your winning ads. This is your shot to create an ad that earns up to 10k per month,
bring your A game, right? Change this however you want. The point is, is we're giving them a reason
to actually try. Okay, we want to give them a reason to actually put effort into this video,
even though it is free. Now from there, the next point here is very, very important. Do's and
don'ts, right? This is basically the same for every single brand. And then you're just going to
tweak it slightly on these areas, right? So be authentic. Obviously we want everyone to do that.
Show real life scenarios. This is where we want to go in and show real life scenarios of where
people use it. Film and natural well-lit settings, right? Keep it fun, relatable and unscripted.
Here's what you don't want to do. Overscript your videos are used over the polished language.
Be natural. Film in a non-relevant setting, focus solely on the product without showcasing your
real daily challenges, right? We want them to actually showcase the product, not just do a
stupid basic testimonial that sometimes they work by most of the time they don't. Okay,
video specs stays the same for every brand. That's the thing that actually stays the same.
Vibe you can change slightly if you want. Hooks and ideas. This is where you now get your chance
to be a marketer, okay? What you're going to do here is you're going to think of all the different
angles. You're going to think of all the different types of stuff that you want to share and you're
going to bring those into examples, okay? So concept number one, lost it on the roof.
Here's the example of a hook that we would give. It's literally just the hook. And we're going to
say I literally left my cup on the roof and only noticed halfway through my drive. And it was still
perfect, right? So there's just a random hook that we wrote, right? And we, I mean, I'm not the
biggest fan of this, but you get the point, you write the hook. And then from here, you're just
basically explaining it, right? Show the hat tick moment of being crazy busy, you putting your
stoke up on the roof of your car while stuffing in your things. And you don't really realize
until it flies off the roof when you drive off, then reveal that your stoke up is still unscathed
and still kept your coffee hot, okay? So again, we're not scripting. We're not telling them
exactly what to do. We're giving them the idea of it, right? Like, hey, here's our idea. Now you go
and run with it, go ahead and create this wherever you want. And to be honest, I'm not really the
biggest fan of that. I would love to just leave the hook there as is so you can simplify this even
more. But our team does want to try to provide a little bit more context. So this is the happy
medium middle ground that I have. But the point is, is that this is one concept, right? Now we have the next
one, drop it like it's hot.
Now we have concept number three, on the go and still hot.
Concept number five, the slow zipper.
Concept number six are surely struggling
with the lettering here, aren't we?
Concept number seven, concept number eight.
You can see all the different concepts here, right?
I would say nine is the absolute max that you should have.
Okay, so if you take a look at this one,
like on the go and still hot and slow zipper,
you know, like these two are kind of the same idea
around, you know, keeping the coffee hot.
But the point is, is that we're giving them ideas
and we're giving them, you know, an opportunity to go
and talk about whatever they wanna talk about, okay?
I would say at most you should have here
is nine total concepts.
If you have more than nine total concepts,
you have too many, okay?
And I'm not sure, one, two, three.
Oh, it's 'cause I missed one, there we go.
Four, I am just getting dominated here, guys.
I'm sorry you're having to watch me recount this.
This is a top tier, top tier content right here.
But the point is, is I want you guys to understand
to not have too many of these, okay?
The file section down here is from your b-rolls, right?
This is where you're gonna go
and you're gonna make these little GIFs, okay?
Making these GIFs are very easy to do.
There's gonna be another video down below
that shows you how to actually make those GIFs
from our content manager or usually manager.
She's amazing, she's gonna show you guys how to do this.
But then you're just gonna have those little GIFs
down there to give people an ideas of doing b-roll, right?
You're not telling them film these and do this exactly.
It's just saying like, hey, if you aren't sure
of like what to film specifically,
here are some ideas of like what you can film, okay?
And then from here, we have Learn More about our brand.
And this is where you put your product page.
This is where you put your URL to your Instagram page.
If you have one, hopefully you do.
And you have some content on there.
And then from there, that is all they need, okay?
It's very, very simple.
It's very, very easy for the creator to sift through.
Okay, here's why I should care.
Okay, well now I'm gonna see you do's and don'ts,
video specs, hooks and ideas.
Ooh, I like this idea.
I'm gonna go ahead and do this, okay?
Boom, now you have it, all right?
And this is exactly what we're doing.
Again, when we hire a creator,
this is after we hire them inside of incense,
we send them this framework.
And the reason why we send them frameworks
rather than scripts is because it just works so much better
and getting authentic content.
Now what you'll notice is,
is that this is a female creator framework, okay?
And now what we usually do is we will do two campaigns, okay?
We will do one campaign for men,
and then one campaign for women,
or we'll just do an open one,
depending on how many candidates that we get.
This is an example of a client
that didn't get a lot of candidates, okay?
It's a very, very niche product.
So if you don't have that, again,
there's gonna be content that talks about what to do.
But the point is, is even if you don't have
a lot of males applying, you could work with females
and have them make content for your male avatar, right?
And so one of our highest biggest spending brands right now
does exactly that.
We sell a product for men,
but we have women who talk about it and say,
hey, here's why you need this as a man, right?
Or why wish my man had this, et cetera, et cetera, okay?
And so in here, you're gonna do your brand name,
and then you're gonna do more or less the gender,
and then you're gonna do UGC creator framework.
And you could also just say UGC framework.
It's very, very simple.
There you go.
I don't know why we're saying creator twice there,
but there it is, okay?
So this would be the male framework or the female framework.
This one here specifically is for the female framework,
because we're wanting to focus on females
for this one specifically,
but if you wanna do a different one,
then you can do a different one for males.
And I know I talk a lot about avatars,
and I talk about how you're dumb
if male 35 plus is your avatar.
The reason why we split this up between male and female
is simply just for the ideas,
'cause now inside of here,
if we're making, for example, a male framework here,
then what I would likely do is I would change this
from maybe loss it on the roof to loss it on my truck.
Or I always forget about my coffee
when I'm working in construction.
Or I have to commute so far to the job site.
You can see what I'm saying, right?
So now we're gonna change some of these ideas
to guys specifically, okay?
And so long story short,
that's why we split it up between male and female
when we're doing the product scene campaigns,
but I hope you guys enjoy this framework.
It's been long overdue,
and I'm very, very excited to get this into your hands,
and I hope this absolutely crushes for you.
