Hey Spencer, so for the film your b-rolls part, I'm definitely just copy this template
so that you don't have to make it from scratch.
So for this video, I'm just going to make a new column, sorry, new row, I'm going to
put it up here at the top, I'll just make it number one.
And then you need this application, Giffy Capture.
And so I'm just going to open that up and open a random video on my computer.
So I'm going to do this one, for example.
Then I'm gonna resize this.
Um, so I'm just gonna hit record and then let it play and then I'm going to, um,
what do you call it?
Make clips out of this later on.
Did you know that your low libido can be fixed with a delicious and natural Japanese drink?
Everyone is obsessing over clever, brand new Huddies out of their matcha latte.
This latte is packed, good person can, collagen, oxygen on it, catechins and brachis.
All the support is a cook.
Okay, I'm going to stop it there.
Um, been clicking everywhere.
But yeah, so once you, um, stop recording, it should give you the entirety of what you recorded and then here you'll just make clips.
So for example, if we want to take this hook, I'm just going to make a clip out of it.
And then I'm going to save that.
I have a hooks folder here, um, that I use, so it's going to be clip number one, then let's make another clip.
Let's say, um, let's say I want creators to copy this mural right here.
Okay, that one.
Okay, so that's all done.
I'm gonna close this.
And then, let me just go back to the framework.
Okay, I'm going back here.
I'm going to just paste those gifts, hooks.
Okay, and then let me put here,
Just put a description of what the clip is supposed to be so that creators know what to
film. So for example, put the
cup of coffee. Let's just say like an aesthetic shot. Hold on.
static shot of the coffee. And then let's say you want to do a number two. So insert
row below. Let's make a number two. This here.
and then I mean it's pretty much the same so I'll just put it there so that they have two
b-roll examples. Yeah that's basically it just look for giffy capture online and then
grant it the permissions and then you should be good to go to use it.
