All right. So now we're going to talk about the next step. Once content has or once product has been sent to content creators, so you'll be able to see that as the client has uploaded and ticked this box here.
So what you're going to do now is obviously you just want to make sure that you let the creator know that product has been sent and it should arrive within the next, you know, three to seven days.
And so in this example here, you can see that before I can even do that, the creator actually already replied and said, "Hey, the product arrived today. Can't wait to try it out.
I plan to do a picture video over the weekend." And within the next day, she had already sent over her full video, which is amazing.
So when a creator is on top of it like that, this is someone that you definitely want to add to the favorites list if that is still an option.
But most importantly, what you can then do from there is you can then download the content that they send and you can simply upload that to the client drive.
So for example, in this trigger point section here, I will go ahead and find trigger point assets, which I don't get.
So there we go. Okay. Perfect. We can go into the actual folder for the specific client. Now, this is just a sneaky way to get there.
But again, go to client assets, search up the client will be able to find them. And you're going to go into the Incense content folder.
And what you're going to do is you're just going to create a new folder for whatever this creator's name is.
So this creator's name is Cindy. So we're going to create a folder for her here. And you can see I've already uploaded the content.
So what you would do is you would simply copy this content and put it into the drive.
But for the sake of this video, because not all creators are going to be like that, you're going to come back into Incense and select the filter content creation.
And what you can do inside of here is you can now start to follow up with creators just to make sure that they have received the content or received the product.
So for example, this creator actually again was on top of it and said I received my package, you know, what was the deadline for your campaign?
Hey, you know, love if you can send over as soon as you can, you know, just let me know.
And then I went ahead and followed up three days later. So once they receive the package, you want to follow up every three days.
But if they don't respond, so for example, if you can see as a example here that when we sent the products, an amazing Nicole product should be sent by tomorrow.
And then before hearing from the creator, I just sent a message and said, Hey Nicole, participant ship, it should be rocking soon.
Please let us know once you receive it, excited to see your content.
And so I sent that, you know, basically a day after three or three days after I said product should be sent tomorrow, which again, you do that confirmation once the client has, you know, sent it.
Or you've notified the client that the creators were there.
And then they will typically respond, hi, I received it yesterday, but should come to the weekend, which is great.
I said, thanks Nicole, looking forward to it. And now as you can see, it is the seventh. So that was yesterday.
And I would ideally follow up with this creator, you know, three or four days. I mean, if you're including weekends, then I would maybe give them a little bit more local room.
But I would follow up with them typically about two to three days after. So again, here's another great example.
Hi, so excited work with you. Great. I go. Hi, Diana. You know, same message content should be arriving soon. Please let us know once you receive it.
You know, hey, just receive it. Amazing. Again, that was on the fifth.
Just another great example here, right? Amazing, Anna. Thanks so much. I hope the moving goes smoothly. I'm up to you at the new place.
Same thing said, Hey, Anna, participant ship and arriving soon. Please let me know once you receive it.
And again, this is the whole process now where that was sent on the fifth, where now on Monday or Tuesday, I would probably follow up and say, Hey, you know, have you received the product.
And once they again, confirm that they've received the product, then, of course, you will follow up with them on the content side of things.
So to give you an example of another scenario where a creator will respond and I'll say, Hey, Chris, did you receive the pieces? Right? So this is again an example.
Awesome. It should be shipped by tomorrow. That was on the 26th. And then you can see it was about seven days later.
I said, Hey, did you receive the pieces? Yes, I've already posted everything. I was like, Okay, well, thanks for letting us know.
Hey, that's awesome. Are you able to search the files so we can get it? Yes. Do you want it with it without without audio? And I always say the more content, the merrier. So just try to get everything as much as you can.
And as you see, she sent a little link to the Instagram post and she sent over these two as well. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to go as she into this client's drive.
So I can find the USA in the drive here and go to instance content. And I'm going to find this girl's name is Carissa. I believe. Yes, Carissa. So I can go ahead and create a folder here called Carissa. And we are going to go inside of there.
And we're going to take this content that we downloaded. I think I already downloaded it. I believe it's this and this. I could be wrong though, but that is how you will upload the content into the drive.
And that's essentially just how you're communicating with creators to go ahead and collect content. Right. So creators aren't producing content, whatever it is.
And you just want to make sure that you follow up with them. And if you want to see who is creating content, you simply just select the content creation tab.
And then of course, once someone actually does upload the content. So for example, Brett here actually ended up sending over his content. So if you have issues with the content and it just doesn't really look good.
You can obviously just ask them and you can say, Hey, the ring light was from the camera. I've definitely heard a little bit.
You know, I was kind of asked trying to get like maybe a little bit of a better content from him. But just keep in mind that again, this is free content.
So, you know, we can't really expect it to be amazing. But once the creator has sent the content and you are happy with it and you uploaded it to the drive, you're simply going to press the complete button here and say, Are you sure you want to complete the deal?
You would then say, Yes. And then from that point, the deal will be created and completed. And this creator will now move into the completed section, right? So that's how you can see.
And that's how you'll be able to just keep track of what deals are done and which deals are still in content creation. And as you can see, again, another great example here, I go, Hey, I said, did you receive the lumbar?
Hi, yes, I received the thanks. I picked up yesterday. I'm going to start shooting for tomorrow. That was on the second. So obviously it's been five days and he still hasn't set the content.
So this would be someone that on Monday morning. I would most likely follow up and say, Hey, yes, do you have the content or how's the content coming along and just making sure that you're following up with them again.
They're real people. So don't treat them like robots and expect them to have it, you know, tone super quickly. Again, another creator over here said, Hi, the package is finally here. Let me know what kind of content you would like.
And then that's nice. I just said, Hey, here's some examples of what content we can do well. And that was on October 3rd. So again, another creator that would follow up.
You just want to make sure you're not going longer than, you know, three or longer than seven days really without touching back with the creator. And you'll, you will find that some creators as well.
Will also just kind of respond and say, Hey, can we get to receive the lumbar? Yes, today's the first day using it. Amazing. Looking forward to seeing your content. Again, need to follow up with her.
And here's another client where she actually said, Yes, I return on the 10th back to Dallas and I will send content the following week. And I was like, Okay, great. Sounds sounds awesome.
You know, and then again, she's going to be someone that I follow up with when she's back. Right.
So just keep in mind that you're going to need to stay on [inaudible]
out these people and make sure that you're following up. But that is essentially how you can follow
up with creators, confirm that they have received the product. And then of course, once they have
sent over the content, you would simply go into that specific client, you would find them, right?
So Brett and Cindy, as you saw in this video, had sent over the content. So we would mark them
down as content received. And that is now successfully complete. So that is how you follow up with
creators. That is how you check in on them to make sure they've received product. And that is how
you download the content, create the folder and upload it into the drive. And then of course,
keep track that they have actually sent over the content.
