All right, so let's talk about how to contact winning creators that you find from incense or
just anywhere in general, okay? And so what is a winning creator? First, we have to define that
because a lot of you guys are hiring creators that for lack of a better words are absolute trash,
okay? And so a winning creator is a creator that actually makes an ad that can scale. So for
example, for this client here, this creator made an ad that we spent $30,000 on at a two extra
shown ad spend which for them is that's really fairly good, okay? And so this creator came from
this product seating campaign that we did. You can see she's right there, okay? And we also had
this creator over here, the Blonde and Co. And she also made an ad for us and I'm going to explain
what I just showed in a second. And so if we go over here and we just type in Blonde, you'll see
that the ad that that creator made from the same campaign, her ads didn't do that well. They got
$66 from spend, they got one purchase, but I'm 99.9% sure it was viewed through it was
click through that yeah, it's viewed through. So basically got no purchases, okay? And she didn't
make a winning ad. So who are we going to hire? The creator that didn't make ads that we could
spend on, but we liked her content more or less. Or this creator who we also liked her content,
but she also made an ad that absolutely ripped. We're going to hire this one because for me,
good is something that gets spent. Bad is something that doesn't get spent, okay? And now,
how do you contact these creators? Well, that's what we're going to talk about. So the first thing
up here is once you start hiring multiple creators, you're going to need to track the retainers. And
so this is a sheet for you guys that you can use. It's creator name, the payout number. So
what month you're on, basically every time there's a new month, you just duplicate this down or you
can duplicate it above. It doesn't matter if you guys don't know how to use a sheet. It's pretty
simple. You just do this, you click enter six rows above. And I kind of like going above my
UGC director goes below. But there we go. All right, now we've made this. I think I created
too many rows. I definitely did. But I think if I copy all of this, and you guys are having to
painfully watch me get destroyed in sheets. But there we go. So now this for me would be
February rather than scrolling down and doing March, but you can go down as well. And then
there you go. And then obviously update, you update the dates and you get the point. Okay.
And then we have the payout date, we have the monthly retainer, we have the retainer pay. So
how much we pay them per period. So for example, we actually pay them on the first and 15th. So the
way that we track that is just inside of here. So it's like, okay, did we pay them on this date?
Yes or no? Okay, we did. Well, now we have to pay them on the next day. And we can see whether or
not this has been paid. It's very simple. If you guys need to change the sheet, go ahead and
change it. It's it's it's pretty simple. Okay. Now from there, there's two types of emails that you
can send these creators. And I'm going to show you the reason why we do this, because there's
another ad that actually we spent, I think over 20 or $30,000 on. So I'm going to show you that as
well. But if you take a look at this here, it says, Hi, creators name, I'm name from your company,
description of your company. We loved your work from incense and would like to discuss a potential
partnership with you. Here's what we're thinking. One video per week, product and payment of $500
per month. We'd also like to invite you to our Discord or Slack with the rest of our team
for fast communication, brainstorming new ideas, and providing you real time feedback on how your
videos perform. I look forward to hearing back from you and hopefully partnering together. Now,
this is version one that you can send game version one is retainer only. If you do not want to do
affiliate structure that I got like I'm about to show you, you don't have to just pay them 500 bucks
a month. They might negotiate back and say, Hey, actually, I want to do 750, whatever it is,
just find some middle ground. If you don't want to add the payment details here, when we actually
initially contacted this creator, we just asked them what their rates would be for one video per
week. And you can leave that open, say we would like to know what your rates would be for one
video per week. And sometimes they might just say like, Oh, 400 bucks a month is perfect. And
then you don't have to pay the 500. We've just found that 500 is simple. It's easy. And everybody's
like, Hey, 500 bucks a month to make video per week. Very simple. Okay. Now, if you want to know
what we're doing on the affiliate side of things to get creators to actually be more incentivized,
this is what we're doing. So hi, name, this is your name from your company. We recently partnered
on incense your for on your campaign. And we'd love to invite you to our brand ambassador program.
Here's how it works. Get free products from master crate content, get paid a base monthly
retainer of $500 for one video per week. But if you feel like you have it in you to create two to
three videos per week, we'd like to invite you to our ad our ad affiliate program. So now again,
I don't want to you can change this hour. And if it's get confusing, whatever it is, but the point
is, is I want them to only join this. If they're going to make two to three videos per week, not one.
Okay, I don't want to pay people that I could just pay 500 bucks a, you know, a week for one video
or 500 bucks a month for one video per week. I want to actually give these people incentive if
they're going to make two to three videos per week. Okay, if they're not making me two to three
videos per week, I don't care. Okay. So inside of here, you could see our ad affiliate program works
based on the revenue your content generates 10% of the first 10k 5% of the next 20,
two and a half of the next 40 and 1% of everything above $70,000 up to $10,000 per month. So here's
an example. If your video generates 70k, you'll earn 3500 total. If your video generates 100,000,
you'll earn 3800 total, right? And so now we're just making it very easy for them to see like,
shit, I can make 300 hour 3800 total. Like that's pretty sweet. But the thing is, is we don't want
to scare them away with these numbers. So that's where we could say, we already have creators with
videos. And I forgot to edit this on the update. All right, and we're back. So it says, we already,
and I also updated some stuff up here, we already have creators making videos that are generating
hundreds of thousands of dollars per month. And we believe you could be one of them as well.
The best part of the whole thing is that you don't even have to post them on your profile,
you, and this is supposed to say your own profile to add emphasis. That's how I type things. You've
just filmed the videos, upload to the drive, and we'll take it from there. We'd also provide you
creative breakdowns of, of our winning ads. So you know the perfect formula to make formula to make
more. Let me know if your game to get started on either retainer only, or this is supposed to say
the performance program. And I'll send you the agreement, I'll send you our agreement or the
agreement can't wait to start creating content together. Now, the whole goal of this email is to
get this crater to start producing more videos in exchange for the performance program. So now
they're coming in to make two to three videos per week, right? So we're getting them to double
and triple their output, right? And now they're so we're getting more content. And then on top of that,
they're incentivized as well, because if they do great, then obviously we're going to do great as
well. So these are the two ways that you can contact the creators. And now if you guys are
wondering on how we actually report and share that with the creators, that will be coming up
shortly. And you guys will see that here. But the most important thing is, is this is how you can
contact the creators. You guys can adjust the script however is needed. But I wanted to share this
with you guys because this is exactly what we're doing to scale one of our biggest brands.
right now, I can't actually show you guys that brand,
which is why I'm having to show you some other brands.
But this is an example of a creator that we onboarded,
which as you can see in December,
we actually ended up spending $40,000 on her content
at a 3.36X and generating extra 130K from her ad.
Okay, and this is the same creator that you saw over here.
It's the exact same one.
So it's the wife after hockey one.
This is her video and now it's absolutely ripping.
Okay, and so that is why you hire winning creators.
This is how you can contact them for either retainer only,
or if you want to extend the affiliate program,
this is how you're doing it.
And the way that you calculate this is with Atria.
And you guys will see that upcoming,
but hopefully that helps you guys contact creators
and helps you crush it for them.
