All right, so once you have a winning creator and they actually say yes, then what you need to do is you need to onboard them now
We've been onboarding quite a few creators
So we actually have an onboarding deck that we run creators through so we send this to him
That says hey welcome to the team welcome to and I'm just gonna delete this so that way you guys don't
Actually say easy in media. I welcome the company
You're now part of an exclusive content creator team
We're excited to have you create high performing as I convert so that you the brand and our team can all win
The guy will walk you through everything you need to maximize your earnings again
This is gonna be custom to whatever you decide you want to do so usually what we'll play here for performance creators is to you know
Two videos per week
Right right or if it's just retainer only then you could adjust this as well
But I've just left it blank again. This should not say easy a team
This should say company and I'm just gonna copy this and then over here
We have payment and performance reports so payment schedule month your parent retainers are on this tracking your performance the last day of the month
You'll receive a performance report. I'll show what that looks like as well. This helps you see what's working yadda yadda yadda
Review the feedback and timeline the fast you give videos approved communication support staying the loop again
Who to contact if you ever you just see manager just put the email there or just put your at winning video formula here
It is hook blah blah blah blah. Why this matters blah blah blah you can see it inside of there
Always have new ideas to film with and then the final one down here is let's start creating
Okay, so join our discord review the concept ideas in the credit framework and then submit your first video on time
Okay, and so I'll show you guys what that is as well
But then from there, I actually kind of skip to step because this is the creator template that you guys will also have here again
We are not lawyers. Okay. I actually need to add the snippet back. All right, so it says please use this at your own risk
Right, so it's there. This is a very very very basic
Very very basic agreement. Just is like hey
You're going to provide two videos per week if they're on the performance one
If they're not on the performance one then just delete it and just say that it's gonna be a base of five hundred five hundred dollars per month
You don't need to add this. Okay, it's very very very simple
Okay
And then of course you onboard them and then again you send them a video that looks like this or a message that says hey name
Welcome in we're excited to start creating more ads with you
Here's our you know latest breakdown of our winning ads to help you strategize and ideate your next vids
And this is ideally where you film a loom
So you obviously won't have any creators with you right ideally you will this will be your first one because you're watching this video
So what you could do is you can go inside of your hre report if you guys don't have hre
I'll also drop the link to hre down below too
But if we go to top spending ads for this brand specifically and we look at last 30 days
This is the report that we're going to share with them and I would make a loom that says okay if this is for Chris
Hey, Chris
So I just want to give you an update of what is working on the account and again if you are being open with numbers
If they're basically if they're on retainer
Don't be as open with numbers because then they're gonna see like how much you maybe are making and they're gonna
Want more and they'll just see like these big numbers and think you're making a ton but at the end of the day like again
There's margins to this but the TLDR is that you're gonna want to film a video if you are not being as transparent with them
Just remove like purchase conversion value and just put like spend and thumb stop and hold rate and shit like that
If they're on performance then you can be open but you can say hey, all right
So here's the here's the ads that are working so we have these two sales going right now
So if you could actually make a video about this sale that would be awesome. Here's actually some language that's working really well
It says tomorrow's champions need protection today
So if you want to talk about how you're protecting, you know your son with this or that that would be amazing, okay?
The other thing okay, hey, we have a cold front close out sale. What's going on right now by the way?
We should probably send you some product for this so make sure that we get you in contact obviously with us
We have clients, but it's like what are your sizes for these these and these if you have other products
Let me send you this stuff, etc might not be as relevant for you guys, but you can see how this is working
Here's also TJ. He is the founder of the company. I'm gonna go ahead and play this video
It's the same one I wear under my gear
So he's just talking about like oh, it's the same thing I wear into my gear
So it's like hey, this is a video that's working really well
Maybe you can do a reaction to this like hockey mom reacts to TJ's video, right?
So you could do this and you could actually then start sending you know this I'm back to talking to a vaulverse now
You could send that kind of a video to your creator
And that's already gonna give them a bunch of ideas
And if you need to put it into notes where it's like one sale video one close out
Sale video and then one reaction video that would be three ideas for them to just rip right away
You didn't have to write a script you didn't have to do anything
You just looked at the video and gave them ideas right on top of that
You're also going to give them the framework that you made up here
So this framework that you're still sending to people you can resend that to them
Or if you want you can make a new framework for her as well or for him whoever that you hire
Okay, and then from there what you're going to do is once you actually share this report
And if you use a tree again, you can click save share report and anybody with the link can open this
So if I copy this link and I go into an incognito window, I go boom now
It's gonna load up and even though I'm not logged in as a creator. I can see this whole report
Which is fantastic, right? I can click on this I can watch the video. I can see how things are performing
Etc. Okay now once you actually start getting content from the creator
It's also important that you share with them how their content is doing right?
And so this is the creator board for this creator and we can share with her how her videos are doing
So we're like hey this war road woman's butter hoodie video is doing really great
Can you do another one of these or hey here's our learnings right?
And this is where processing learnings are winning ads all you do is you just share that with a crater
That's it. Okay, the same way that you process learnings on ads you process learnings for the crater
You film a loom video or you just film notes
Hey, this ad is doing really really great
And you can also just select a specific ad as well if you just want to keep it focused like hey
Let's just focus on this one ad here. So I'm getting dominated by clicks. Let's just focus on this video
Save share report take a snapshot boom or snapchat snapshot boom
Hey, the thumbs up on this is really really good
But we've noticed the hold rate is a little bit weaker
So what we want to do here chris eyes
We want to make sure that we keep the suspense going here are some ideas on how you keep the suspense going this video is great
It's doing really really well. It's had a six X return on aspen the last 30 days
So I definitely want you to keep like keep making more videos like this
But I would love for you to try a different video focusing on the same product
But make sure you keep the suspense in the video got it
Perfect expense. Thanks. Right. So you guys can see how this works
And again, you can share this with a crater to let them know what content is working and what content is not working
Okay
And so that's kind of how you on board how you manage and how you kind of do that side of things with your brand ambassadors
You can see we also have how to communicate with brand ambassador
So this is kind of like a part one this will kind of be a part two to that
But the end of the day feedback loops are also very important
So you'll notice in that video down there
The most important thing is that you on board them smoothly you get your agreement and you get them locked in and you get them focused on creating content
So i'll leave it there if you guys have any questions around this is always let me know
But that is the process that we use to on board creators and of course send them reports give them ideas and and
continue through the process to make lots of winning ads.
