All right, so the question is does incense still work and is it still worth it?
And so I wanted to film this video and I want to pop this in here kind of right in the front
because a lot of you guys have probably watched the Y content is so important. Part one,
maybe you watched on the how we source content for videos and then now you're into part two.
And as you can tell, this is a pretty dense section with how we do everything on incense.
I want you guys to know that right away, honestly, one of the things that matters a lot when it
comes to incense is two things, actually, not just one. One is the quality of your framework, okay?
And so this module here that talks about, I've got to save this module super quick,
this module here that talks about the sending frameworks to creators, it is very, very important
you guys understand this framework, okay? And on top of that, for this framework specifically,
you need to make sure that you're not just like Chad sending the framework to every single creator
because what we found is there's essentially something called a like first kind of first pick
bias. If that's a thing, and I'm go ahead and play this video.
And so inside of here, what you'll notice is that the very first topic that you put,
especially if you've done this before, I don't know why it's not going to allow me to show you
guys we have the do's and downs here and I'm trying to get down to the actual first concept
that we have. But here, right, so concept number one lost on the roof. This is something that you'll
see depending on the concept and how easy it is, creators will just kind of pick the one that is
like the easiest to do or they usually pick one of the first two. Okay. And so what I want you guys
to understand is that when you are reaching out to creators and I don't, and I need to be clear,
like I don't mention this in here. And the videos here that are filmed, it's like, I don't really
need to film it. I'm just kind of filming this as an update for you guys because all these videos
still apply. But it's very, very important that you actually based on the creator, send them the
framework and basically like curate it for them. And so what we've actually started doing is if
we have this framework here and I know my screens cut off, what we would do is we would actually make
a copy of this framework. And again, I know you guys can't see it, but I would make a copy. It's
going to say make a copy over there. And I would basically have multiple copies of this. And when I
make a copy of it, I will actually remove some of the concepts that are here. And I'll essentially
pick the one that I think is going to be best. Now in this section, there's only three. Usually,
we tell you guys to do like anywhere from four to six, but I would recommend based on the creator.
So literally look at the creator and think, okay, like what would be a good video for this
creator specifically look at their existing content. And then from there, decide kind of which framework
is going to work well for them. On top of that, the second thing, or I guess now we've got three
things, the second thing out of the three and the third one is honestly the most important. So don't
click off yet is that if you want to script for this creator, okay, if a creator sends a message
like, Hey, what do I do? And they just need direction, you can provide a script for them. Now,
the reason why we don't recommend like doing full scripts is because a lot of the times like you
you guys like write scripts that just don't make any sense for the creator. It's so it's very
important to like understand the creator style and understand that they're actually the type of
creator that you can write a script for. And then if you do want to write a script, you can write a
script. If you want the script document, you guys can actually go into the call recordings
our scipper did one and he gave you guys his sheet for that. It's very similar to one that we
use to be honest, we actually don't do a lot of scripting right now. We still mainly use the
framework, but if you guys do want to script, you can but just be careful. And if you have been
scripting a lot of videos before, and it's not working for you, then I would recommend that you
stop doing that. Okay, I would recommend let the creators do some of their own ideas. Okay, there's
kind of a range if we, you know, draw our little pen here. On this scale, we have basically freestyle
up here, which is like, do whatever you want. And then we have fully scripted, give me my
scale back on this side, right? And so here, you kind of want to be in the middle. If I'm honest
with you where you're this, that's where like the frameworks land. So again, on our on our scale,
we have freestyle, we have fully scripted, and then we have frameworks. And that's why we kind of
found the middle ground. But it's very rare that you should ever let people fully, fully freestyle,
unless they're just a sensational creator. And again, same thing on this side, it's honestly
from scripting itself, we haven't seen it work as much. So just understand that if you want to
script, you can if you're a very good script writer, you can. And if you have a really
specific idea that you want to bring to life and you think it's going to crush and you find the
right creator to do it, then go ahead and do it. Okay. But with that said, those two things aside. So
number one is making sure that you optimize the framework and basically make copies of the framework
and send that based off of the creators profile. And then number two is that if you want a script,
because a lot of you guys asset, you can do some scripting. But number three, we have noticed that product
products specifically work really well. Okay, so incense will absolutely crush if you have a very
broad product aware product and it will crush even more if you have some kind of a unique
mechanism. Okay, just to give you context, I'm kind of like hiding the thumbnail so you guys
can't see the brand just for the sake of this brand numbers because I'm showing them to you
guys. In the last seven days, we have spent $74,000 on UGC. Okay, this is literally August 27th,
2025. Everybody's coping like crazy, can't scale, can't do anything. We're absolutely printing
with UGC right now. Okay, if I go to yesterday, you can see we spent 12k yesterday, okay, just on
UGC at a 1.7x. It's absolutely printing. And this is just like, this is one piece of the account. I
think this thing. And this is actually, this is just one of the accounts. So I think we actually,
we're spending over 100k on UGC right now per week. Okay, so we're spending over $400,000 a month
just on UGC. And so once you guys understand, like this still works. Okay, these creators
are from incense. And more specifically, we actually found a winning creator. So we found a creator
that made us solid content. And just to be clear, this creator didn't actually make like a super
winner for us. We just saw that they had potential. And they made a good video. And then guess what,
we hired them just like how we show you guys how to do this here, how to contact winning
creators, how to onboard brand ambassadors, how to communicate with them, how to complete feedback
loops. And on the second video, they made a super winner that has been absolutely ripping for us.
Okay. And just so you guys don't freak out about why there's so many ads in here, we
actually don't do the media buying for this client, we just do the UGC only. Well, we have our one
campaign, but then they copy it and they do some stuff with it. It doesn't matter. There's no,
like the UGC is, is what's ripping. So my point here is, is that incense very much so still works.
Okay. There's three key things. Number one, make sure you divvy up the framework and kind of give
optimal frameworks to each creator based on their profile. Number two, if you want to script,
you can, but we still recommend kind of doing frameworks and do not freestyle it, at least have
some kind of a framework have conversations with these creators. But if you are a really good
script reader, you have a specific idea, you can script it. And then the third thing is that if
you have a large product to wear a market and you have some kind of mechanism that can help you
stand out, or just a lot of people know about your product in general, and not all product
markets are built the same. And also just understand that depending on your product,
like if there's nothing really unique about it, it's going to be a little bit harder. But just know
that for this brand specifically, they have a very large product to wear a market. And they do
also have a somewhat unique mechanism. It's not crazy unique that there's other brands that have
it. But we have just found a way to market it really well with UGC. Okay. So I want to share
them with you guys just so we're on the same page. And you can know that incense does still work,
and it's still a platform that we use.
