All right, so I just want to film a loom here to basically address how this is going to work inside of here for you all these looms down here are essentially filmed to treat it as if we were working with a client.
But I would definitely recommend that you do the exact same thing just to keep yourself organized.
So for example, when it comes to, you know, uploading creators into the sheet to get them approved, I wouldn't recommend skipping that step because obviously you will be the one approving them.
But with that said, it's just going to help you keep things a lot more organized. Okay, so you'll be able to see, okay, here's what the creators that I had.
Here's the selected creators. Here's the hired creators. So there's certain steps in this process that where you might be like, do I really need to do this.
I would definitely recommend doing it. If you have questions around any steps, please let me know. And then secondly, there is my YouTube video here where if you have not seen this, this will also give you like a really solid overview of how this works and essentially what it looks like.
And now finally, what I want to really, really stress here is that this is not about kidding winning nuts. Okay, as you can see, for example, we just launched a campaign for a client of ours, and we have over 74 applications and the first, I think it was 48 hours.
We launched this yesterday or two days ago. So you are going to get a lot of applications. Okay, if your product is, you know, in the eyes of customers worthy of filming for for free.
Okay, so if you don't essentially get creators that want to film for free, that is probably a good idea that you should maybe try to, you know, think a little bit more about the product. Okay, how do I make people want my stuff for free.
But secondly, the goal of this campaign is to basically meet as many content creators as possible. Okay, and with that, you will get a lot of content. Don't get me wrong, you will get a lot of content.
And we have had multiple times where our incense content creation following our real strategy, which you should have seen on the evolve, or sorry, on the meta, meta SOP section.
It can actually lead to winning nuts. Okay, but that is not the goal of this campaign. I do not want you to go and purchase a incense license and say you do 500 bucks for one month, or you decide to do $1,200 for the quarter.
I do not want you to purchase this license, hire a bunch of creators, get a bunch of content, test all that content, and say Spencer, this didn't work. I hate.
Okay, that the idea of getting a winning ad from this process is a bonus. Okay, it is not the objective of this process. The objective of this process is to go through a ton of creator applications of people who already said that they're interested in you
in order for you to then find some kind of a brand investor that can continue to film content for you on a reoccurring basis. Our entire strategy for brands that are doing sub basically seven figures depending on the brand and how profitable they are.
You know, I would say anybody less than $50,000 or anybody spending less than $10,000 a month on ads. Our entire strategy is to find a content creator that can just produce ads for us. Okay, because we do not have the luxury of hiring a professional creative team.
Okay, so what do we do? Well, we tried to find creators that can just do it all. And I want to give you a few examples of this, which you probably have seen before, but just to give you context, this is a content creator that we hired that created videos that not only went viral on TikTok and got 10 million views here and 10.1 million views here.
And you can see, unfortunately, this client has decided to no longer work with this content creator, but this content creator not only generated sales organically for us by posting content. I'll scroll back a little bit deeper so you can see it.
But she also gave us content for ads that absolutely crushed. Here's another video that did over a million views. This one did 15k. This one did 3 million. So as you can see, basically by having a creator that just knows how to create content, you can get the bet.
You can get basically you're hiring like a professional copywriter, a professional videographer, professional photographer, professional editor, all in one person. Okay, because creators just create. That's what they do.
They're not really business people. They just know how to create good content. So that's why we need to go on incense and we need to find them. So that way we can find, I believe this girl's name is Leanne.
So we can find your Leanne or, for example, here's another great client where I've probably shown them before. But if we take a look, yeah, I know Wazoo is kind of a weird word just to search in TikTok there, but let me go ahead and pull them up.
Our client over here, JJ absolutely crushes it. You can see his last couple of videos. Yeah, we're not doing so much, but he's had some videos in here that have absolutely crushed it.
There's a video ad in here that he created this one right here that got 54,000 views that we have now gone on to spend over $30,000 on and make well over six figures from this ad alum.
Okay, so the goal of incense just to be 100% clear is to find your JJ, find your Leanne, find a brand ambassador who loves your, loves your products, loves your brand, and is going to be willing to just create content for us in an ongoing basis.
And this entire process will show you from start to finish how to hire the creators, how to find their creators, and then once you get the content, how to favorite them, and how to actually contact them to become a brand ambassador.
So let me know if you have any questions about this, but the goal of incense and the goal of this UGC process is to do exactly that.
And I just want to set that expectation up front.
Okay, this is a great way to collect a bunch of content. It's a great way to get started if you don't have a lot to work with, but it is also, more importantly, the best way for you to try to find a creator that really resonates with your brand.
