All right, so as you log into incense, you will be able to see any of the active campaigns that
are currently going. But in this video, what we're going to do is we're going to show you how to
create a brand. So inside of here, you will be able to see the total amount of active brands
that are needed. Now, if you need to increase the limit, and we need to add more brands,
and obviously contact management team, and we will be able to do so. But in this instance,
as you can see, you can have almost all of your brands in here. There's only a lot six that are
allowed to be active at once. So as you can see, we have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven
brands that are in here, but only five of them are active. So what we can do is we can go ahead
and we can add a new brand. So that's what we're going to do. We're going to go ahead and add our
client called carepot. And what we're going to do is we're going to add their logo. So you're just
going to look up on Google care, carepot logo, you're gonna go to images, and you're going to grab
whatever logo looks great. So this one works for us. So let's go ahead and save this. We're going to
add this as a logo and add it in. And then we're obviously going to grab the website link. So go
ahead and punch in their website link. If you get a little filler on the end, make sure you remove
that. So let's go ahead and do that. And then brand category, we're going to go ahead and
tap this as electronics, obviously scroll through and find the one that is really able to you. This
could kind of go under health and wellness and home goods. I'm going to add this as home goods,
actually. And then what I like to do for the description is I just simply like to Google the
company. So not hello. There we go. Hello, carepot. And I just like to grab the link that is here.
You can also go ahead and take a look at some of the other ones that are on here. So that's the
E and CA. But I'm just going to go ahead and copy this because that's what's in the Google app. So
say bye, say goodbye to the troubles of traditional hairdryers, hairdars, humidifiers,
run by professionals, shop now, simplest cleanest. That's kind of a weird description. So I'm actually
going to look for a better one. Best of you in front of the market.
got it, Carapod powerfully fights.
They got a lot of different brands here,
but for the sake of this, I'm just gonna go ahead
and copy this one because I think this one's
a little bit better.
So I'm gonna go ahead and paste that in.
I filled the freeze, name the steel interior.
It makes Carapod the easiest humidifier on the planet.
Wow, these descriptions are not great,
but the Google Ads team.
So easy to humidifier to clean on the planet.
Simply clean the sponge or boil for 99% sterilization.
Loved by professionals per...
I'm gonna go ahead and just fill this in.
So with a little bit of effort, I was able to go through
and just clean up the description here
by going a little bit for their own Google
and just tapping into some of the information.
Again, it doesn't need to be absolutely perfect.
Okay, I'm not sure why I'm getting that weird thing.
There we go.
But just obviously want it to describe,
because again, we're trying to solve ourselves here
to the creators, so the creators are going to see this
and we wanna make sure that we spell things correctly.
And we obviously are explaining it as fast as we can.
So let's go ahead and click add a new brand.
And as you can see, now Carapod is a brand
and we have gone ahead and completed the step.
The next step, I'm gonna show you how to set up a campaign
for this new brand.
