Welcome to the long awaited part two to product research. So I pretty much simplified it down to the most basic product research method that people usually get results with. If you ask me, do they involve how did they set a brand so fast to get things going quick? It's this method. So I'm really going to be going through one method. So what's most important is part one, the theory of how you can understand that. So there's a few tools we're going to need. The first one is Kalodata. Meta library, it's free, ATRA is not really that needed. So you can skip this and just use Meta adLibrary. You will need a similar web, it's free as well. Trademark search also free. So the first part, KaloData is the only paid tool that you is necessary. So just so you know how much it is, I think it's like $45, $9 for starter, $100 per month for professional plan. I want a professional plan. You can set up a dust starter for fine. I'll leave a discount code down below as well so you guys can get that. So once you guys get KLO data, what do you need to do? So just go on product over here. Flutter by date last seven days. Average unit price, I like to put it above $15 because like part one, I don't like to sell things that are too low, take it. Some people do, it's still breaks, but my personal preference is not. So all you need to do here is really just to get what is trending. Go through the criteria in part one. Of course, if there are trademark brands, Goli for example, it's a huge brand, you can't sell the products from Pyr. Let's say this one down here is an under eye corrector, maybe you could sell it, right? So the most popular method that people get a store running is they will just rip it from TikTok shop. Most groups will teach you that. I still think that is the most effective method. If you only rely on that, you will never be able to go a long term. So you can still rip to start. Once you get traction, of course you'll be doubling down more on it, investing in your own custom product, your own custom content, branding, etc. And which is why it's important to think of how to send out your product beforehand. If you just rip mindlessly, you won't be able to get out that hole. But if you already had in mind, let's say on top of ripping, you are also creating your own creatives together alongside it, you will be able to figure out another winning act beyond what was just ripped as well. The ripping method just helps you get things going much faster since it's already proven talk shop. If you put it to Facebook ads, you pretty much, uh, we really will, we'll carry you over as well. If you only rely on this method, just ripping at mindlessly, the issue you will find is that it is really just a VA game of who can copy, paste the fastest, which you're competing a lot of dudes with huge teams or some even automated. So it's really hard for you to do that, unless you can stand out with your own messaging, which is why you rip, you rip, and then you also need to figure out your own creatives alongside of how to So what do we look for now over here? So let's look at the first few listings, whether I will test it or not. What even is the first few listings? Let's click on this. What is this? Bear in mind I'm filming this in October 27 now. So top one product last 7 days trending is just decorative pillow sets. Just a fun fact for you guys. Print on demand items do extremely well during Q4 gifting season but they cannot drop off the face. The issue with it as well is you actually need to get custom designs to get going But the rest of the year it drops off very very hard. I have had clients Scale pretty on demand very very far. It's just very seasonal. It literally just a copy-paste game It's up to you whether you want to get into it me personally unless for casual reasons you can Be personally I wouldn't so for those who do You have a personal affinity to the product you can run it. I don't Let's say you actually do like these type of pillows You're actually the type of person who will buy it It does make sense for you right now only because right now I'm filming this during Q4 It's run a print on demand store. That's running these designs. It's very off-topic from what we're gonna talk about today But there's some some things that I'll comment on as I see what our products there This one same thing as well as print on demand Q4 gifting third one shark mass portable drive vacuum we can't sell this why because it's a patented product from shark or possible. Pat pivot same thing as well I believe this one is patented so the way you actually check it is what you have the trademark says here let's see you search up pat pivot you want to do this because some people still repeat regardless of whether the product has a pattern or not. The issue is you will get into a lot of issues later than the line. Unless your approach is, okay, I'm going to find this with traction and then I'm going to switch over, change your product name, change your brand name entirely. Then you can approach it. If not, it's really just too much of a headache to get this out of products working. Like if I look it up, there's active tree marks for it already. And if I go to the R, it's like I Google them, right? They're probably going to be a big brand already. Let's see, pet pivot. Let's try to find the IG TikTok. This is probably going to be a big following. Hmm, must be big actually. Interesting. Hmm. So if the IG and TikTok following is not that big, I'm not sure this is the original store by the way. Let's see, I'll view on TikTok. I can't view it because I need a... TikTok Shop account, which I'm not talking to right now. On that note, like for me, I'm in Malaysia. Malaysia doesn't have this US TikTok Shop accounts. You can actually go and buy these accounts. I'm not sure where the exact link is to buy it, but I know people do buy these accounts, not just to sell, just so you can get access to view these products. So these are products. Let me see. pet pivot us you can see when last 30 day trend did it 3 mil it's crazy let's look at some of their best ads scooping glitter box and no you're not gonna be spending $700 on this one typically it's in automatic mode and that means 70 seconds after a cat does his business and leaves the machine, it's going to start the automatic cleaning process. So I just want to see what's up. Content of people are posting about it. Cause I, I'm trying to find the, if it's a huge brand without overvarted. If obviously you go again, shark, like I say, you go back to shark, shark vacuum. There are huge cooperation. Sonos is 19 and before you think the resources to come after you legally. Yes, they do. I'm not going to run that at all. Let's say this is pet pivot one. I'm trying to find if they actually have that big brand behind them. If not, it could be something you run actually. Doesn't seem like it, honestly. Pet pivot, auto scuba 11. So in this instance, you just want to make sure and double check if what I am thinking is actually real because I can't really find much branding behind it. Actually, you can't find anything. Even the YouTube has one key subscribers. Surprisingly, on the third listing of KiloData, we found a product that I would potentially sell. Why would I potentially sell this? Because based on killer data, it's doing very well. And there is the trademark on the name itself. However, if you're selling it, obviously, you're not going to sell it as pet pivot. You're going to sell it as whatever the brand name you put out. So the product itself and the store needs to be taught something totally different. If not, you run into a lot of legal issues. So if that is actually true, this could be something you run. So how do you actually go about running it? Now we get into this topic. Simple Google search first. We want to look at the current brand how they're running it, what people think about it. Let's say I go on Reddit. OK. If this is a product you want to run, obviously you need to know the current stage of sophistication in the market. What are people saying about it? If let's say based on TikTok and based on Reddit, you can see that it's a very, very saturated product already. And you confirm saturation through a few things. True ad library in Atra, when you search it up, let's say, I'm looking at Pet Pivot now. Pet Pivot Taiwan. It's Chinese brand, maybe. You can even find the original brand running it. It's just everyone-- weird stuff coming up. Let me try Pet Pivot. No, like these guys, they're not even pet pivot, they're obviously just ripping as well. They did the same video we saw earlier. So let's see. So let's say we go to elaborate HR to see what the competition is running and use a tool like similar web to check how much they're doing. You won't be able to see the accurate number. similar web gives you is an estimate traffic. Let's see this one over here. That's not enough data which basically means this store is very small. What if I try pad pivot on similar web? Also very small surprisingly. 30,000 visits. If let's say you estimate 30,000 visits at a 1% conversion rate. 30-- oh, let me pull this in here. 209 purchases for how much is the product. I say it's 170, right? It's like $50 a month. It's actually very small on the site itself. It's very surprising. But if you ask me, there is potential in this product based on what you see on KiloData. For you to test and verify it, it's pretty simple because all you need to do is just rip it as in you go on KiloData section, you go on videos here, just see what are the best videos here that relevant. If they don't mention PEP, you can really just copy down all these videos and run it as ads. This is what these guys are doing as well. It's not the only criteria we take a look at I'm gonna dive deeper into what I'm gonna look at besides that so potential is there let's say I look up more again okay let's say I think all these are fake also what's the product actually called pet scooper litter scooper self-cleaning litter box let's say I look up again self-cleaning Let's see, I'm selling it to the US. You can sell this to wherever you want. Let's see what type of ads the competition is running. Now you're starting to see everyone sell the same product. That's still fine. You're never going to be the first to market. You just want to know what type of ads the competition is running, so you can do better than them. You're trying to find underserved evertales on your mechanisms, right? So, let's say I look at this ads. Oh, new tab, new tab, new tab. Let's say this hot happy pause. Nothing crazy here. See ad details. Hmm. So same thing as well. You want to see how well they're doing. You estimate based off similar web. It's a no-holdout. This one also probably not a holdout. Based on how the site looks. Always my similar web. My may have deleted it. Also too small to see. Just because it doesn't show up doesn't mean that it's not a good opportunity. because there's going to be a lot more ads you can see over here. There's also potentially some people that are going to run it without the keywords I should have here and still do well. You can keep trying to find a few more to see how much they're doing. Let's see whose one comes up the most. Sker is a legit brand. Same thing as well. This one looks kind of trash. Where is my similar web, bro? I thought I just had it. I said this one, copycat actually is a pretty decent amount of visits. The original one had 30K, this one has 28K. So let's say 28K at the same AOV. Let's say you're assuming right, it's all assumption. It's 0.9% of conversion rate. It's a 280 purchase a month, 280 times whatever the AOV is, 160. You look at how you find out the AOV. Let's go on, I can't find the exact one. You go on the product page, look at what's the product price. It's usually going to be more after bundles and whatever. You can be conservative and just only look at the product price. Based on the site visits, the conversion rate, the price here, that's how you estimate it. So on the other side, it doesn't look too promising. But they're still crushing it on, what's the word for it? Tech Talk Shop. So it could still be an opportunity. This one is a real brand. The Calm Cat Journal, these are different things as well. Okay. There's not gonna be one specific criteria that will make you think that this is gonna work out. It's going to be multiple data points you draw from, which is why I'm doing this life. Let's say I go back to pet pivot. I'm gonna get Reddit. Many people are talking about it. Okay, there's a lot of word of mouth from TikTok shop. And just 'cause the other stores don't have much traffic, the same thing you can't open. 'Cause all of them are just called being the TikTok shop videos. If let's say you do some research from this Reddit here and you find something that is bad about pet pivot, but then you can use it as an advantage in your own product, then you can still win. Especially if everyone knows about a product already, it's more product to wear, you just need to run product to wear ads to market it. It is a bit confusing as I explained it right now. You may need to watch this video a few times, but I'm doing all of this now just to see what is the market sentiment, most awareness stages, what is the market specification that market is in. This way, when I actually market it, which I'll cover later down the line, after that at the end of the video, how I'll go about marketing it after first I verify that it can work. So let's say we reach the radios here. They're being bombarded on TikTok. As you've seen, it's doing really well. Can you find any reviews for it that aren't ads? Hmm, maybe that's the angle you can run. Maybe you can run review style ads. Opinions on these options, I want to do better my boys. Held it for about a week now, very happy with it. No concerns, cat is fine. How do you recommend it? Let's see what else people are saying. Pros and cons, no just pros and cons. It works, won't hurt the cat, climbs mid, cleans. cats like to dig up all the cat lids out. The drobble where the waist goes is horrendously designed like the bag's barely fit. When you put the bag in, it's hard to close latches. So it's issued the bag here. Okay. This little box has crashed a cat and they were sued for $3 million. Maybe there's a point of concern that you wouldn't run the product depending on how well it goes. Let's read more. Uncomplicated user friendly. No glitching apps. We all perform our expensive 750 liter board in every way. Very long text wall. But the disartang stuff, there are things you need to do both. Manual research going in the trenches. There's gonna be some gold you can take from this. You don't need expensive pad waste bags unless you want them. Now cleaning. It's genius on the breakdown. You press two buttons and then it's easy to clean. It isn't a problem for me. Maybe that can be a good point. Other self-cleaning little boxes in the market are difficult to clean. You can run ads with this angle based on what you're seeing here. pretty long though. Cat takes a crab, the robot covers the crab after the cat exists. First, again being really sick when crab comes out of anybody it stinks. It's pretty self-sufficient. It does keep up with my cats on its own but I do realize I need another one because they refuse to use the expensive one. Okay, another breakdown from some of your four cats. I did about three, four. Three got break the after a year or two effectively becoming a manual operated feline Okay, give me no choice but to reassume my journey to other duties So I seem to haven't been present to the box three and four with the pad save scoop three Is is little bot yes, you're talking about different product pet pivot you want to switch from from the current product to pet pivot Today's another tool that I would want to use as well. I want to see on Google Trends whether this how this niche is doing. Let's say, "Odd self-cleaning litter box." Switch it. Let's see. I'm going to the United States. Go last five years. That's how you'll see. So the trend is pretty flat. As long as trends are flat or not declining, it can work out pretty well. Let's say another term, cat litter box. It's pretty flat going up a bit. Automatic litter box. It's pretty flat in going up, beside the knee as well. So niche wise, it's not bad. So niche wise, it's not bad. There is demand for it to test out. Trademark as well, you can just switch to trademark. That's not too big of an issue. Since it's not like the whole product has the pet pivot - [Man] You still have to see the cat goes down. - So it's not too big of an issue to start. The only part that will concern me writing this, especially for you guys who are newer, is high ticket, it's more high ticket, which is very, it's much harder to work. I'm trying to find one of the stores but I can't find it. I said, go to pet pivot. If let's say this is your first product, I will not recommend you to run it because it's too high ticket. The issue with things being too high ticket, it's a $170 right. Let's say you want a two X ROAS to be 20% at margins. So two X ROAS, which means that your break even needs to be $85. $85 just to break even. Let's say, do you have the amount of money to spend in this question? It's spending $100 per day, as you know Facebook isn't very consistent. It's how it is. You might get no purchases one day, two days, and on a third day, you only get one purchase or maybe three purchases and then you're, you're, you're profitable again. At the very start, you may not have the capital to run it, which is why I don't recommend like higher ticket products. Um, if you're brand new beginner, however, if you've been a drop shipping space, you have a few stores already. Uh, I don't think it'd be too much of an issue for you to do a product of this price. So I would test it myself after doing more research and looking at what are the angles I can run, whether it's under surf avatars or mechanisms I can run. If I cannot find any of these two, then I wouldn't run it, but everything else looks good to me for someone who's more experienced. I also looked at other product after this as well, just to let you know. So this is actually looking at product specific. We looked at trend already. Let's say I Google up self-cleaning. Damn. They don't want me to get just-- they chill. Self-cleaning little box. Let's see, besides the brand specific one, what do people think about it? You can go on Reddit. You can go on Amazon, wherever possible, TikTok as well. I want to see what people are saying about it, what's good, what's bad. So you know how to enter the market. You have the little bot. Again, expensive. So how much is the little robot? Little robot. Where is it? She, bro. $650 to spend on your cat. That's crazy. I think that might... I wonder if you, well, if you do adopt a cat, this costs a lot more than a cat. The cheaper angle is can work as well, compared to a little robot. If let's say people already know a lot about the, the style of self-clean little rock, this is on your research. I mean, I went through it. Let's say if I go through TikTok on Instagram, I can find a lot of content about it. Potentially you can run a product where I angle, where literally it's just comparing your version of it. You can get your Chinese product supply source, compared to a little robot. Obviously, don't put a brand name. You can get sued for that. The robot is actual brand. If we just just come after you legally. Let's put the product itself without any branding. Then you can put like benefits, product comparisons really. Yours is cheaper, yours is equally as safe. The other one is more expensive or whatever it may be. You figure this out when you do your research on doing right now. Which one is good, which one is bad? I mean the pros and cons of each. This way you can put the more important things on yours. Let's say from the previous ready post we saw, people say that it is easy to clean. That can be a big one, right? Maybe people already know about little robots. You don't need to convince them why they need one for themselves. Maybe you just need to convince them why yours is the best in the market. It's cheaper, it's easy to clean. You can fork out. I mean, this is like a four-time surprise of what you can sell it for. So that can be the angle by itself also. Let's look a bit more if we can find any more things. Clean mine once in seven years. It's kind of nasty. This is pretty much the process you will go through for a product. You go and see what's trending first. You see what the market is currently running, which from my very basic search right now, you can spend a lot more time on this. This ones are like the own as they make. They have a scoop poop again. Pool tight toss. This case I'm marketing it this way, but as I said, what does the market actually want? From what I'm seeing, people already know about these self-cleaning little box things. Maybe you don't need to go about it through telling them something they already know. Maybe you just need to tell people you're the best. It's what I mean by the mechanism itself. You highlight the thing that people actually care about. If you're targeting someone who's already sophisticated enough, maybe they already use it but they care about the price or they care about maintenance. That's something that you highlight in your ad that you're the best. Either that or you can find an unnecessary avatar which both can work as well. So this is a product that I can see myself running as well but the only difference is I don't have affinity cats. I'm a pet dog. I don't even, I can't even pronounce little box properly. Not big cat guy, so Personally I Can see myself make scaling is up, but if you would ask me to run a big brand This wouldn't be my pick but for you guys starting out it doesn't really matter whether you're passionate about it or not as long as You know you feel something if you need to it, you know repulsed by it. Let's say You're selling like some super weird niche like let's say if you're super religious and then now you need to sell some tarot cards Probably not a good idea, bro It's hard to make it work. So just to recap, if you have affinity to this, based on the criteria I'm seeing, you can just rip these videos, create some of your own ads, targeting the angles, the posts, and cons I talked about, the new mechanisms on SFF. You can make this work. But if you're not a beginner, this can work. If you are a complete beginner, it's harder to make it work just because of the AOV. You can see make it work, but my preference or something that's cheaper, which means you get a lower cost per purchase. You get more purchases in because at the very start, you guys might struggle to get even like one purchase. So if you run something high ticket like this, it's going to take even longer for that. And I don't want you guys to burn more money at the very beginning stages. Ideally the goal is to get profitable as fast as possible. Then we can talk about optimizing, right? All right. Let's see the other products here. Goalie, I would not, it's actual brand, Sharp, same thing I would not. This one. Let's see what this is. Carded Clay Ski Ski Under Eye Corrector. I don't know what this is, so we go on videos and see what the product actually is for. I didn't know one product could give me so much confidence, but I have this breakout that hurts so bad. I honestly didn't even want to leave the house. But then of course I remembered I had this. Look, gone. Gone. Gone. Gone. My eye bags. Okay, I think we have a general idea of what it does now. Does it make sense what it's product is printing? It looks very effective. So, same process like the previous one. Let's take up the actual brand. I'm not sure if it's actually called TARD or some TARD cosmetics. Let's see. Last seven days, they did almost two mil. High chance that they're a legit brand. But let's see. Okay, founded 2000. You know, you would most likely will not go after something like this if you rip it once to one because your supplier won't, or high chance they won't be able to replicate it. You can ask if they can replicate effectiveness of the product, then you can run it, of course, under totally different brand name. Skincare is competitive. This product does look good. I'm just not sure if you'll be able to source it is the thing. So let's say the first step I will do here is just ask if everything else looks good. Right? Let's see. Of course I go on the side, same steps. Let's see. I go on similar web. This probably has a lot more traffic going to it. Yeah, one point. Let's see if I do maths. This from worldwide. Not US only. Whatever. Let's say 18,000 times what's the product price? This is a concealer, it's $32. Like I said, obviously AOVs could be much higher. People are not only going to buy one. So you could still run this at this product price. Because if you add on bundles and offers, you can make it above 60. Let's say, if that's correct, 18,000 orders, 32, It's being about 600K per month on this one product alone. And they have multiple also. So the story is doing pretty well. So if you can source it without this branding, of course, it can be something that you run as well. In fact, the trademark search is obviously going to have a trademark because it's a big brand. It's been around for a long time. Hard cosmetics. If they don't have a trademark on it, it's super dumb. What's the actual brand name? Tarte Cosmetics. Cosmetics. Can you find here for some reason? If you ask me, they probably have one. If they don't, they'll be pretty screwed. Let's see, just double check. cosmetics. I got this right. Maybe it's together. Very suspicious. To confirm our adopts. Let's go and cloud now. All right. And now we did a cloud search. And now it's starting to make more sense. We trademarked Tarte, not Tarte Cosmetics as well as some of their product names. Big Ego and Powerflex. Let's see if you can find the... I can find it. I'm pretty sure if you search it up, it will be there. This is probably not working. mon bra, which means if you go back to the target customer takes product, like there's no trademark on this actually. As long as you don't use the name tart, if your supplier can source it, it will actually be a good opportunity. So you can do the Google Transage, but skincare is skincare. It's always going to be flat or up unless you use a specific ingredient. Like people running Kojic acid. Let's just as an example, right? I think it's called Kojic Acid. At one point, um, it was viral on TikTok shop and you feel running it now. You might have a pretty hard time. Let's see. I go to past five years again to show you. Like I say, you run it during this peak last year. It's probably gonna work. Oh, it's actually this year. Right now it's like flat for some reason. Is it called Kojic Acid or something else? The place is Kojic Acid. Yeah, doesn't look too good because of this peak and then down. So probably some viral tip that went live here, then now it's not doing so well. So I'll stay away from, from some things like that, but it's fun. Like just looking from this, looking from the store, obviously you can take a look at the store itself, where's the store? This one undyed character. like there's no crazy they don't mention anything crazy but the ingredients so i think generally it's fine you'll be more focused on the transformation than this can work so if you do this of course you'll start off ripping some of the videos here then you go do deeper research like same thing with it you can look up Tarte cosmetics or even let's say you go through the TikTok video here go on a comment see what people are saying what setting powder do you use? what shade is this? don't ask me if you're over 40. give me some adopters she loves it it really settles in fine lines even when I said it. Maybe if this inside and from the videos you see maybe you can run it towards a different audience maybe. Yeah after this the same process do more research you figure out whether it's NSF avatar or new mechanism you can put alongside the rip creatives because if If you just copy exactly what you're doing, what you're doing could work as well. If you don't find another way to set it out, you'll get to a certain point where one of these creators are going to do a copyright strike on you and you need to take the ad down. What you need to understand is when you rip creatives, that's a very real reality that you're pretty much running on borrowed time, but any of these creators can take it down anytime. So using only using this as the real creatives as proof of traction After that you just do your own things make sure you get your own ad that actually outperforms. That's that's the goal Which is why I want you to think beforehand. That's what part one covers of sending out Same thing here at the tart concealer pore brush similar brand maybe you can read it same as well When is the plush this is prepping this is copyrighted I won't touch that What the fuck is this? Electric bike. It's $600. It's too hard ticket for you to run. What is this? Compression wear. Makes sense. Usually there's some... These are compressions where there's well usually every Q4. I'll show you why. It's not something that you really brand out of it. It's something that does work. because if you have a cute costume that you want to wear but you don't want to be cold these are perfect these fleece leggings have that optical illusion to wear it looks like you're wearing nothing underneath but it's actually fleece and thick super soft inside yeah people on this product every Q4 because it makes you look like you're wearing leggings or like you're actually like not wearing anything but since it's been turned out it gives you that look while keeping new warm. People need every Q4 but it's a very seasonal product so keep that in mind seasonal products all you need to do really just repel of these almost seasonal type ads that's pretty much it especially if everyone's is already doing the same thing over here just find your new mechanism for clothing the example is like I say Oodi right how did Oodi actually became a big thing when Oodi first came out let me just put it aside to show you so we're Oodi aside now Oodi sells like oversized hoodies then the only thing that they needed to do to stand out is not to sell a new product on the SFS Avatar for them like the investment more in the product at the start they just made it like 10 20% longer because people the issue with the product initially is that people couldn't put the product over their knees, which is what they wanted. So he made it longer just so it did that. It's literally the same product. With this new mechanism, he's scale it to a multi-nine figure brand now. Obviously all of you are going to take that approach. I don't recommend you too if you're brand new because you need to invest in stock and product then. So you can find ways to send out your product even without investing right away. Just true highlighting the new mechanisms you can come up with. So let's go back to the product here. Let's see what's the mechanism over here. I can tell you because I've not done the deep research. Let's say you can find any comments right now. Mine are so warm but I wish you could see all my lit tattoos through them still. Maybe you can ask your supplier if they have one version where it's literally, it's still as one, but you can sit you like that too. Maybe that's literally just your mechanism. Everyone has already seen his ads from TikTok shop or whatever. Like you're not new to market. Everyone wants to air Q4. So maybe if you had that, you just take a people who have tattoos. It says the same thing, but you showed it off. It's a new mechanism. Literally, that's how you're gonna bring. But of course, do more research to verify it. I know from the products you talked about today, you guys are going to repeat. If you repeat one to one, it's not going to work out well. Do your own research, please. Cause I'm not doing super in that research as well. Cause those, let's are covered in the other modules. I'm just teaching you guys what I actually look for. Then you guys will do the deeper research, um, in the other modules that cover it. Goalie, same thing, brand, but MediCube, same thing, brand, comfort brand, Halara or so brand. This one portable car jump starter with air compressor. So, let's see the ad. What is this product? Okay, few mongering ad. - Spots, right? - Yeah. - This is one of the most dangerous things that you can keep in your car. not only will it damage your sensor and the computer, but it also can damage your battery and you have, it turns green, which means that it's ready to start. Get that air message again and note and a regular USB port to fully charge your phone. And if you ever have an emergency at night, this does have a flashlight that also blinks red and blue. I think every person should have one of these in their car for their own safety. If you want to grab one, I'm going to leave the link down in this orange shopping cart below. Just know that they have free shipping right now and they're on a huge flat. Okay, if you want to sell tech products, you will need to be more mindful because more things can go wrong, especially for something like a car, a battery inside. You're not sure of the actual product defect rate. But most of the ads here are literally just, a lot of it is, what's the word for it? Filmongering, which works really well. I don't know that you should go away from it. Let's see what kind of ads are doing well here. It's a portable card jump starter. Let's see, I'm just curious what kind of price can you get it for AliExpress? Because that is a factor as well. Sometimes the prices you're going to see on Tiktok Drop are going to be much lower than the prices you actually sell it for. You're going to be marking it up a lot more. Usually the markup is three times the product cost, right? So let's say, what's the product name again? Portable car drum starter. You can search in Aliexpress to get a rough idea before you ask your agent for a code. So I think this type is the most similar one. Or you can just go say for me, can I save the photo? I think I have it saved. Hiha life, hiha, hiha. How do we pronounce it? Hiha, battery, charger. Okay, this one. So right, the only reason I'm going here is just to save the image if I can. There's a lot of tools you can use to save image. Right click, save image as. I'm just going to go AliExpress and reverse image search it. Found it already. And from what I'm seeing, of course, we're in a finding country prices. They put in USD, so you guys understand. Bro, they resetted me. It's like $150 for these types. Okay, this one is $28. But I think it's a bit different. Does it have the same features? Not exactly. I mean, it does have, it's not the exact same product, but let's say if it was $28, and they're selling it for $40. Obviously this is a Chinese brand, they run their own stuff. Obviously that's why it's cheap. You need to be able to get it and run it for 3X this. Let's see if your supplier gets it for $25 or $30, it's running at $90. So let's say you look at competition right now. Let's head on to Amazon. What's the key word for this product? Portable car jumps at the air compressor. Compressor. Nope, spelled it wrong. Come, there we go. It's $40, $47. This one's I don't look as premium, obviously. Should have found the exact one by Kantoso. Like it's $40. So you need to be able to sell it for a higher price. If there's not much you can source it for, if let's say the source price is too close to this, it's like $30, $40, it's something that I would sell because you need to be selling something for $3x the price, whereas this one is only $41. Can you still make it work? Yes. But you want something that is not, the price difference isn't too big. This way, when you market it up, it's not too unreasonable. Does that make sense? I'm looking at this Amazon because I wanna have a gauge on what people actually pay to buy these type of things, 'cause I'm not the audience itself. So you do more market research like that to see what is an average price in the market, what's high, what's low. In fact, if you're smart about it, you can usually ask Claude, "Hey Claude." All right, simple now, you do a Claude search. Every point is 60 to try $200. So if you can get it for, let's say 20, if you set it to 60, this is honestly not too bad 'cause it's really in the average price range. So it's not really too bad. So based on this, it could be something you sell based on how much you can get it for from your supplier. Besides that, you need to do the mental research again. Let's say research on topics on Reddit or wherever it is. What do people actually say about these compressors? Okay, let's say mechanics. So the mechanics look for what's good, what's bad. Maybe you can make an ad around a mechanic to prove what they say here. Or let's say the original video. If I can find it. Just gonna comment again. It really isn't just if you are retired, damaged your sensor, told me everything I need to know. Yeah, $30 is cheap. only damages if you do it wrong. It's also a man saying this, if let's say you're targeting towards women, do they really know how to work a jump starter? Not really. So maybe you can run it as an angle for them, it's easy for them, towards women, for them to be able to jump inside it easily instead of just targeting dudes. That could be an angle you run to. You can double check again as well. I can find a store. It's called Hiha Chinese S-Name. Jump starter cable, Google Trends, portable jump starter, car jump starter with air compressor. It's too low volume. Car jump starter. It picks three December. I would never expect a product like this is pretty seasonal. It's very surprising, apparently it is. So at this current stage right now, I would run it because, hey, seasonal skipping season. But besides that, I don't think I would really run it just because due to the seasonality. You pick during Q4, but after that it's kind of flat. You're gonna have a hard time running it besides seasonality. But if your goal is just to get something going, it does make sense. Let's see, similar web, just to estimate what the main store is doing. Also bear in mind a lot of these big TikTok shop stores, they will do a lot of TikTok shop numbers but they will do very little on the actual website. Especially like Chinese, Chinese, these Chinese stores, they can compete on price and product which TikTok shop allows them to push, they can give a lot of incentives. But if running ads to their own site, they don't know how to make their creatives. So it's not too big of an issue really. Unless you're doing other research methods, let's say you're going on Facebook ad library, seems to use like Afterlip, Minaya, then these total visits become much more important because you're looking at website, people who drive traffic to the website. From this, it's really, maybe this could be opportunity, but you just run ads towards your own site because it's not a lot of visitors to their own site. be but just need to verify the actual product that it actually is legit first. Cardium Tech itself is already pretty wonky with de facto rates with battery. It's a pretty big risk. If something goes wrong, it goes boom. So if you're not comfortable with that, don't run it. If you can verify that it's legit, test it out yourself first in time, then you can. Let's see what else. Collagen Bio. Let's see if I find anything else. Let's do a last one. No, we're not selling non-sweet burst bro. That's crazy Just if in case you guys want to know why you don't sell on super is one is a very common product so it's heavy Which and expensive heavy means? It's gonna be a lot of issues doing shipping and it costs a lot The thing with these heavy heavy products the lawnmower They can get silly for this press because they buy bulk into a 3PL if you're buying this job shipping straight for heavy in my course like double. It's not not advisable. What's up with this collagen? Top performing one is uh... I think it's Spanish. I'm not sure I can understand. Okay second performing video what is this? This is crazy. From cancer researcher I'm not sure this is true or not. Okay, maybe it's true. your gut lining and enter the cells and enter systemic circulation where it's going to travel through your bloodstream and find the important cells that can use those amino acids and peptides to create way more collagen in your body. So it's very important to find a supplement that has hydrolyzed collagen and also shows the amino acid profile of all the peptides that are in the formulation. And the great thing about collagen is that you can take it at any time in the day. So usually people do powders which are really easy to mix into your drinks or smoothies or yogurt, really easy to use. And if you would like a recommendation for a grass-fed reputable third-party tested company that I use myself the one from neocel this big chungus bottle right here only $28 and this has the so before we go into more research like this is a very unaware at you may have seen vsl before this stuff as I literally just unaware vsl seen just a different format and it's I don't know how long it is two minutes long and it's going viral people will watch a two minute long video. It adds to never too long, it's just too boring. It's too fast, it gets all the information out. So let's actually do some research on the product itself. Collagen is a very popular one already. So according to what I understand, this one is better because it has a new mechanism, it's hydrolyzed, whatever it is. I want to say the actual product itself. So what's the brand name? New cell collagen. I say JPY. Okay, funny number, back to USD. Damn, so cheap. It's gonna be hard for you to sell this product if it's this cheap. See, buy one study $2. It's not too bad. So if you were to sell the product on pricing itself, you wouldn't sell a 14-day supply. You need to sell a 28-day supply. The 14-day supply is too low ticket. So there's a lot of ways you can make the AOV higher. Let's say if you sell a 28-day supply, instead of buying one at the $2, it's a buy one free one offer for, I don't know how to price. say $50, your AOV now is raised to $50 plus. Then you can add on more products to create, increase the price, free gifts, or whatever to give your AOV even higher. This by itself is a pretty cheap product. So better than mine. Same thing, go on Claude and actually look at what people pay for. If people actually pay for $20 to the average for this same amount of supply, and you can source it for cheaper, then it's something I wouldn't do. Let's say the average price is around $30, $20 for this, like a supplement like this. That's what people expect already. Then it's closer to what people are selling here. You can source this for around $10, including shipping from China. So 3X on that is $30, let's say. Of course, the $10 I give you is a rough estimate. I'm not exactly sure you supply it with a quote. You may be it's higher, maybe it's lower. It's likely gonna be higher a bit. Then if you sell two $20, let's say $15 for two products by shipping, and then you sell it for $50, the Truex margin on-- so margins are pretty good. EOV is pretty good. It's not too bad. That's thinking about it in terms of the economics. So not all collagens is pretty equal. This one has-- yeah. It's a new mechanism to it. That's why it's doing well, because collagens is a very saturated market already. So you need to ask your supplier if they can actually do this. Cause some of them will just give you like the same packaging, but they give you some, some shit product. It doesn't actually have all these, all these new ingredients. If it does, then all you need to do is just rip it. Then you can just copy the ads over here. Same thing. Similar app can double check the ad volume, traffic volume, the trends, Collagen, let's click up or down and average price to see what people expect. And then you do your Reddit research, tick tock research. It's anyway you can stand out besides only doing. That's only ripping what angles can you stand out. Maybe it's under serve avatar. Maybe instead of educating why people need to take collagen, how to take collagen, you do more product, the way it's just targeting, hey, um, can do direct product comparison. Your collection against the rest, the rest are not effective. Based on research, only this form of collagen is effective. You're actually, whatever you're spending on, you're actually bracing 50% of it gone to some because it cannot absorb because it's the fake one, not fake one, but it's the lesser version of collagen. If people aren't already doing this, you do your HR search. I don't have an HR anymore. Facebook ad library search. If not, all of people are doing product awareness like this, the just copy pasting, then that's your, yes, a way to push through inside. A lot of the products I picked, I can find myself running. That doesn't mean that you can run it because I can sit, you can make any product work. The difficulty of it, of each format will differ from what even the base research I've done so far, I've managed to find ways for me to angle my product differently so I can advertise it. So hopefully that helps you think a little bit more when you do your product research. I know I didn't go as deep on each product doing the full research for it, but I wanted to cover more products and more ways of thinking for you guys. So you guys may have some questions around this. I mean, create a follow up video. So I think I pretty much covered everything you needed to know when you pick product with Kailo data. This is even more advanced thinking, right? Some people literally all they do is you just go on here, what's trending, not brand, I rip, I test, it does well. Okay, great. That's really how to do it. It still works very well. If you should put more thought into on how you're going to stand out. New mechanism, new avatar, new angles. You can actually make something work. Again, rip some stuff and put your own creatives together inside it. Test it. That's pretty much it. Also, just for clarity sake, what do I mean when I actually rip it? So, click the data again up here product, click on the product that you actually want to sell in the end. Click on video and add over here. Click on these videos. You can actually download the videos. Download all of these videos. I usually just pick the top, you know, 10 to 20. Just go over here, be 30 to 20. Some people do more, it depends on your budget. If you're spending like 200 a day, usually 100 dollars a day, usually just up to 20. You can do last seven days while it's trending as well. That's usually just pick 20 ads from here. Whatever is relevant. Does it mention the actual password for it? Brand name. Then you just run it. just download and put it straight into ads manager. There is one extra thing that you will do before launching it, is clearing your metadata. So if you just search up "Clear metadata", there will be some tools that pop up. What metadata is basically, if you rip it from straight like this, there's going to be some data inside. If you put into ads manager, obviously you can see that you're copying someone else, because everyone else is going to just do the same thing, and then you're going to have, it won't reach the right auction. So we use a metadata to clear the data so it appears as a new ad. There's many ways to do it. You can go, um, set up a tool, just Google it or an easy way. If like we, I do it, I just use my, my Premiere pro or just whatever video editing tool you have, CapCut,, Canva. There's put it inside there, then download it back and then you clear the metadata again and put it straight to your ads manager. That's really the strategy. just download videos from here. You think it's going to do well. Put your own ads together alongside it and put both together inside the campaign.