All right. So in this video, we're going to be talking about visual content and essentially
explaining why these upcoming modules of how to generate user generate content, how to find brand
ambassadors to do it for you and how to essentially go and get studio and professional shop content
is probably the most important thing that you can do for your business. And to be honest,
out of all of the success stories that we had, the brands that have an abundance of content
or the ones that not only get the best results, but have the easiest time getting those results.
And honestly, are just light years ahead of all the other brands that do not have quality content.
Okay, so there's basically two forms of content. Content form number one is written content.
That's not what I'm going to be talking about in this video. What I'm going to be talking about
is the second version or with the most common version, if you ask me, is visual content. Okay,
so what is visual content? If you ask me, it's the foundation for your businesses, perceived value,
okay, it's how you basically show yourself to the world visually. And as you know, we love our
visuals, Netflix is a billion dollar company, Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, YouTube, these brands and
people to each earn these brands, these companies have all made probably trillions of dollars at this
point off of using visuals to capture attention. So visual content is how you communicate everything
that you represent online visually. Okay, so visual content is the most important first step for you
to succeed. And if you do not have quality visual content, you will be climbing an uphill battle.
And I am not kidding. Like I am talking going out Mount Everest. If you are still trying to
sell your product with photos that you took in your garage on your phone, or you're still trying
to run ads with like just content that is not thought out or is not well represented,
that's your reason why you're not succeeding. Okay, and that is a reason why you will probably
struggle to succeed if you do not take what I'm about to tell you very seriously. Okay, so just to
give you context, if you've never read the book 100 million dollar leads, one of the best things
that I pulled from this book was really just a reinforcement in one of my beliefs that more ads
means better ads, which means more leads or in this instance, more content and better content
means more sales. Okay, and so just to give you an idea, Facebook reviewed the accounts of all
the advertisers on their platform, and they found something curious. The top 1% of advertisers test
11 times more creative, also content, then everyone else. Oftentimes, it's not that you can't scale and
add properly, you just can't scale a mediocre ad profitably. And the only way to find the exceptional
ads is to make 11 times more of them. Success leaves clues do what the point 1%, and sorry,
not 1%, the point 1%, do to get what the point 1% get. So I know this is talking about creatives,
and just so you know, there is a difference between content and creatives, content are the raw files
that you, so you take a photo, that is content. And then when you edit that photo, and when you
apply headline on it or do whatever it is that you want to do, that is, that is called the creative.
Okay, so just in this instance, I know we're talking about content, so I'm not trying to
confuse you, but I just want to emphasize this that if you are trying to test 11 times more
creatives, let's just say you're testing basically one ad per week right now, you need to be testing
11 ads per week. And in order for you to test 11 ads or 11 creatives per week, you know what
you're going to need? A lot more content because this content, every little bit of content is only
going to get you so many creatives before you basically run out of ways to manipulate that content.
Okay, so that is for Mr. Humosy, Mr. 100 million dollar man himself. And another reason of why
content is so important is because in case you forgot, your product can't be picked up through
a computer. Okay, your product is looked at through pixels. All right, people cannot touch,
people cannot feel, people cannot measure, they don't know until really, you know, AR and VR kind
of come out a lot better or a lot more they can become more standardized and even then you can't
really feel it. Long story short, when people see an ad and when people look at your product on
your website, they are looking at content, they are not looking at anything else than content.
Content is how we understand what your product does, why I should care about it, and why I should
give you 50, 75, 300, 700 dollars for your product. Okay, you are literally selling content. And if
that doesn't convince you enough to focus on content, well, let me just run through some things
that content can do. Well, content is used for ads used to capture attention. And essentially,
if you're trying to figure out what ads do, it's to capture attention and drive traffic. And without
content, you have no ads, right? And if you have no ads, you make less money. And obviously, if
you're watching this, you probably want to make more money. So in this instance, as you can see,
these two winning ads that we created were not possible without quality visual content. Now,
just so you understand this photo itself, that was content, the headline and the logo that we
added, that's a creative, this photo of the guy wearing the necklace content, add the headline,
add the logo creative. Okay, next is your website. Okay, content is used for your website and show
casing your product. If people don't understand your product and aren't convinced because you
have poor content, you will have a low conversion rate. And if you have a low conversion rate,
you make less money. Okay, emails, content is used for your emails to retain customers and build
customer relationships. If your emails fail to retain or convince customers, you will have a
low lifetime value. And on top of that, unsatisfied customers, if you have a low lifetime value and
unsatisfied customers, you will make less money. And organic, right, content is used for your
organic presence to build an audience. Okay, if your organic presence is non-existent
and you have no audience, customers will not be able to trust you or even really just respect
your brand. And if customers are able to trust you and respect your brand, you probably guessed it,
you will make less money. And finally, content is used to build a brand.
not have content to build a brand, you will fail to resonate with customers and build a real
business. Depending on where you're at, depending on what you're trying to do, I would hope that
you are focusing on building a real business. So if you fail to resonate with customers and
build a real business, even if you're not trying to build a real business, you will make less
money. Okay, as you can see here, content, I messed up the animation, content is good. Okay,
here's the burger guy. And you've probably heard the same before that content is king. And I can't
even really explain anymore why content is so important. So what I want you to do in these upcoming
modules is pay close attention to how we generate content, how we find people that can make good
content for us, and how we can actually go out and create a flywheel of content, because without
content, you will be, for lack of better words, absolutely screwed. Okay, so my goal is that after
you watch this, you're like, wow, I need to take my content way more seriously, because it is used
in absolutely every single part of my business. And what I'm going to do is actually listen to
Spencer and go and get a ton of content, because I want to succeed. And I want to build a big business
and I want to scale. So I'm going to get the best content possible. Now, obviously, in the previous
modules, I've told you what what things you need to know in order to know what kind of content you
need to create. But now you need to pay attention of what kind or how to actually create the content.
So that way you can actually have a successful ad campaign website, brand, organic presence,
and ultimately business. Okay, that is the goal of this module to hopefully help you understand
again, that content is king, and you really need to pay attention to it. And you will need it in
