Hey there, so this is a step-by-step of how to set up a product seating campaign on incense.
I'm going to use one of our brands to demonstrate this. So just first off, just click on that
set up a new campaign. I'm going to choose Zen here. Usually I use chat GPT to help me put the
copy together for this. In the case of this brand, we already have a different product seating
campaign set up. So I'm just going to copy a lot of it. So example, I'll be to start
with your gut probably because it's a GLP 1 booster. Let me put a heart here
because it's primarily for women and mainly for women. I'm going to go for awareness and reach here
because that's where product seating will pop up. The others are usually for paid. So this is paid,
this is also, this is white listed and spark ads. So if you want to do product seating, go to
awareness and reach, then just go down here, indicate how many creators you'd want to get.
For example, we want to go for maybe 90 creators. I mean unlimited really, it's product seating,
it's free content. I'm going to choose mainly either Instagram or Facebook. No, we do not give
commission unless you create a winning ad and then we give you a retainer offer.
Product details is physical product. I'm just going to go to the website and grab some photos.
So I'm setting this up for the medical collagen. I'm just going to copy the info here.
so that I don't need to do a lot of this.
Now here, this is a new requirement of incense
where you have to put in some photos.
I'm just gonna quickly screenshot some of these one.
two, three, and I believe you can put five.
So I'm just gonna put five might as well.
This gives a very good idea to the creators of what they'll be doing.
So much.
And I'm just going to skip over this until I complete it.
I've put four photos so far.
I'm just going to put in the last one.
And it says does have some guidance there
of what photos you should be using.
Now this one, I just grabbed these from the website, really.
So I'm just going to put them here.
Let me see if everything looks good.
Yeah, everything looks good.
Then grab the link, just put it there.
The price is that subscription $59.
If you are going to do product seating,
just make sure the product does have a good monetary value,
probably at least $30 or above.
That's pretty low, actually, because you're
going to get less applications if the product is very cheap.
So here I'm just going to do a visible to match creators,
auto invite, not really.
I don't want to invite anyone.
Now for audience, doesn't really matter that much.
What you want to look at is the creator specifications here.
So I want to do US only.
I don't want to do Canada for now because the tariffs
are a little bit expensive.
You want to do female.
We want to do minimum 25 for the young moms,
young poorest part of moms, up to maybe 65.
And then categories, I'd want someone from you to care.
Fashion and style is good, too, because they will look good.
Health and wellness, food and drink, perhaps not, lifestyle.
So I'm just choosing, based off of the demographics
that will fit this brand.
And I want to get someone who speaks English followers
or engagement rate.
Doesn't really matter that much if you're doing product seating
and you're not requiring them to post on their account.
You really just need the content.
Lookalikes, I don't really fill this in unless I really
want a specific type of creator.
So yeah, I'm not going to fill those out.
Now, screening questions are good.
For example, I think I have screening questions in this one,
but I'm just going to make them up here in a spot.
So we want to target postpartum moms
or women who are dealing with weight gain due to hormonal changes.
So those who are impairment of positive menopause,
I'm just going to ask them what specific issue would you
be talking about in your video?
And I'm just going to--
Pardon, weight gain, hairy menopause, menopause, et cetera.
And I want it to be in text because they want them to tell me what they plan to cover in
their video.
Screening questions are very, very good.
If you really want authentic content and you want to get matched with creators who do care
about the product, it actually means something to them.
Now if you're just going to give them a script where it doesn't really matter what the creators
experiences, then you don't really need this.
I would, what are a few more questions here?
Are you?
all with talking about GLP 1, like the ZEMPIC.
et cetera.
Needed, I just wanna make sure they are cool
with talking about it.
We've had some creators who refuse to cover certain topics
because they don't wanna, whatever.
So I'm just gonna put that in here.
Now, incense will ask you what your preferred answer is,
yes or no.
And later on when you're reviewing applications,
you can filter by these answers.
So these screening questions will save you a lot of time
in the future when you aren't going through applications.
And then I would also ask,
what listing would be required of you when we run or add?
Are you?
are you cool with? Do you agree to provide?
To provide this.
Yeah, whatever. Um, yep. So I'm just going to put yes there. I think those are all the screen
and questions they need for this one. Okay, so we do have creative direction here.
So ignore what I was saying earlier.
Okay, so we have suggested creative idea here. This is where you can specify if there's any
specific video styles that you want to get, any concepts, for example, unboxing video or
testimonial, or talking about parametapause, talking about gel paint, whatever it is,
you can just paste it here. Now, I do believe I have a better instructions or concepts that they
can choose from from our paid campaign. Let me just pull that up for a little bit.
So this is our paid campaign where I actually specified some concepts that I would want them to do.
There are do's and don'ts here, some angles that they can explore, but of course, we do provide
a full brief after we hire them. But this is already good to go off of. Now, I'm just going
to pieces here, do's, don'ts.
Um, let me just go through this.
Um, so I just put that there, um, you can choose if you want them to post your, their video or not.
We don't require it. So that's all good. Um, let me also, um, add another question here because
you cannot, although you cannot require it from product seating creators, like I did here in our
paid campaign where I required one testimonial video and then a photo, at least one that resembles
this and the other photos that I attached. We do want to try to get it for product seating if they
will be amicable to give that over. So I'm just going to put here,
Are you able to provide a selfie of you with the product?
that we can feature on our website, just kind of look up there. Yes, no.
Yeah, and then that's it. I'm just gonna send that to review because I know everything looks good
and then you just have to wait for this to be approved. So if you go back to campaigns
for this brand, you can see that it's in moderation. That's basically it. There's a few more steps
after when your campaign goes live and applications start coming in and you will review them in
hard decorators. But that's basically it for setting up the campaign.
