Okay, in this video, I'll talk about the video editing tech stack that we use at the agency to pump out tons of video ads every week, every month for our clients.
This is what I used. This is what the team at the agency uses every day.
So as you can see, the list isn't that big.
And first, I want to debunk a common myth that's out there that you need a lot of tools.
You need like the best plugins, you need the best secret websites, whatever to make good videos.
And that just isn't the case.
You just have to put in the reps.
You have to do a lot of ads and you'll gradually get better over time.
You'll have a better feeling of what content to use, where to get that content,
because you'll start seeing patterns that repeat over and over.
And you'll just get better at kind of recognizing what to use and where.
And as you can see, this list, like I said, isn't that big?
You don't need a lot of tools to make good video ads.
You just need like these few essentials that I'll cover right now and you're basically good.
So first thing on the list is the editing software.
Now, I personally use Final Cut Pro.
I don't know why I use it. It was the first one I found when I got into video editing,
because I had a Mac and I was like, what's the best editing software to use on a Mac?
And like the first one that came was Final Cut Pro.
It looked simple. It looked like easy to use.
I'm like, fuck it, I'll just use Final Cut Pro.
And then I just use that for like until now.
Basically, I still use Final Cut Pro to this day.
It has everything you need.
It doesn't have crazy specifications.
It doesn't have crazy abilities like After Effects, for example.
But if I made it with something as simple as Final Cut Pro,
I'm definitely sure you can do that as well.
Or like even use CapCut.
CapCut is like similar to Final Cut Pro.
But in terms of like flexibility and in terms of abilities of other software,
I would definitely recommend Premiere Pro or After Effects.
But yeah, if you're just a beginner, Final Cut Pro or CapCut are perfectly fine.
But if you plan to do this for a long term and if you want to invest more time upfront
and learn a bit more complicated, they're not complicated.
But they have more abilities and more features.
And therefore they require a bit more time to learn and master them.
I'm talking specifically about Premiere Pro and After Effects.
So if you want to do that and learn a bit more technicalities of video editing,
you definitely can do that.
And there are certain benefits that you have when you know how to use and master
these editing softwares that have greater abilities.
And I know Premiere Pro is like getting updated constantly.
They add AI features in there, stuff like that.
So these two Premiere Pro and After Effects are definitely the ones
I would recommend you to learn if you're just starting out.
But you can do this stuff in any editing software out there, basically.
So we have the editing software.
The next one is plugins.
And basically what plugins are are just tools made for specific editing softwares.
So for example, FX transitions, I don't know what else, animations,
like pre-built plugins.
For example, zoom in, zoom out so we don't have to do it manually with key frames.
Stuff like that.
Basically stuff that makes your life easier when you're editing
and it makes you faster, essentially.
There's a lot of ways how to get plugins.
I won't cover this now, but obviously, inside of the community, we'll definitely have a
place where we share plugins for all the different softwares that will basically make you faster
when you're editing video ads.
I'm not an expert on plugins for Premiere Pro and After Effects, because I've never
used it, but I do have some pretty good resources for Final Cut Pro that I can share with you
guys if you decide to use Final Cut Pro to edit your ads basically.
So, basically plugins, softwares or add-ons for your editing software that make your editing
easier and faster.
You can find plugins on the internet, like there's a bunch of free resources out there,
and I'll show you another way how you can find plugins for any editing software in
a bit.
So that's the editing software, just like you need a software and then you need some plugins
that will make you faster while editing.
That's kind of the technicalities of video editing tech stack that I use.
And then you have the footage, and this is where we basically get clips to kind of enhance
our videos.
So, obviously, if you're doing an ad, you probably have some footage of the product,
of the creators to work with, so you have some footage from the brand.
But then you, like a lot of the times, you still need some footage to basically enhance
your videos, like to add some b-roll in there, you know, to support some things the script
is talking about and stuff like that.
And these are all the websites that we use to get footage for our ads basically.
So, first one is TikTok, basically, I don't know, let's say you're doing an ad for a
coffee brand, and you need some coffee b-roll.
And then what you would do, let me just pause real quick.
So then what you would do is you go on TikTok, you type in coffee, and you get a lot of videos
that are viral, so you see this one has 1.8 million views, like stuff like this, right?
You can basically find b-roll that's authentic, that's made by creators, and that's already
out there on social media, and we just like to use b-roll from social media in our ads.
And we didn't get in much trouble ripping content off of social media yet, like just be careful
when you're grabbing footage from content creators, for example, they can ask or like,
they can even sue you probably, but in most cases what happens is they just like see the
ad, they see themselves in an ad, they're like what fuck, I never made anything for this
brand, and they just ask the brand to take the ad down basically.
So that's the worst thing that can happen, but stuff like this where it's just like b-roll
and you don't show creators faces, we definitely do that, and you can definitely do that when
you're editing ads basically.
And one way how you can download actually footage from TikTok is using this website.
So this is the best website I found online, and this downloads videos in the highest quality
without the watermarks, let's say you want to download this video, I open it, I hit here
copy link and then I go to this website.
based download and download without watermark hd and then
it should start and download um anytime soon yeah as you can see it's downloading
um and then you have this i only drink coffee on have an audit um the quality is good
and it's good to go uh but yeah basically that's how we use tiktok to um find footage
and when you're looking for footage on tiktok we usually look for clips that don't have any
captions on them um because then you can so stuff like this right you can see there's no
captions on it there's nothing and you can easily use that as a as b-roll for your ads right um
so um yeah you can use it a lot in a lot of ways so for example if if you're if you have a script
and the script is mentioning so for example we're working working with a humidifier band the
example ad i showed you in um sound effects part and music so like just type in humidifier
and you'll get a bunch of different clips a bunch of different b-roll from like you know humidifiers
and then you can use that if you're maybe you know if you're talking about bad humidifiers if
you're talking about plastic humidifiers you can see like there's a bunch of like plastic humidifiers
here um that we can you know use so for example i'm pretty i'm pretty sure we use this uh this video
in our ad right so you can you can do stuff like that and basically whenever you kind of are not
sure how to you know visually visually show um something in your script just go on tiktok like type
whatever um the script is talking about and you should be able to get some footage to use um and
download it with the website that i that i showed you that's um this this website right here um this
will be in the in the description of the video so you can access these tools yourself next one is
called um u-r-l-e bird i don't know what that stands for but basically what it is you can search
tiktok by um by hashtags so we can search coffee for example and as you can see you'll get a bunch of
uh a bunch of different clips um and it'll show you when they're posted it'll show you how much views
they have how much um likes they have and how much comments they have and i'm pretty sure you can
fortunately you can't see the comments yeah so you can't see the comments uh which sucks but
what you can do is download the video straight from here it's just download
without order mark cool it's downloaded simple easy fast so this is the video
so that's how you can use this website to find um videos by hashtags and you then you can also
search by users so if you know an account that like i don't know has videos that you can use
you can search by users as well so pretty useful site um we actually found this recently um and
it's been useful and then i won't explain this all of this again but you can do the exact same thing
on instagram so you go on instagram and you search for a hashtag you search for a keyword i don't
know coffee humidifier whatever um and you find clips there and you download them using this website
called egram.world.
You can download like videos here. You can download photos here
You can even download stories here and reels basically, so
Whatever you find on Instagram just copy the link paste it here and it'll automatically affect if it's a video if it's a photo
And you'll be able to download it here and this is the the most
Efficient tool I found for downloading instant stuff
The same thing with YouTube
This is the website that we use to download these two videos
I think you can most of the times you can download them in 1080p
So pretty useful tool as well. So basically doing the same thing whenever you're working on I
Don't know we we worked on a on a shill legit brand if you don't know what shill yet as let me type it out because it's
Shill legit. I know it's a bit weird word. So shill legit. It's a black substance. It basically
Helps you, I don't know
You prefer health overall basically and we actually found some like documentaries on YouTube about shill legit and how
Help people harvest it and stuff like that and we just use that in our ads and we never got into any trouble
for it basically, so
you can also
scrape videos from YouTube for your specific niche whatever you're working on search for footage there and
Download them using this website and these are basically all the tools that that you can use to scrape the internet
And I would say whenever you're working on an ad and you're you're kind of stuck. You don't know what to do
You know, you don't know what clips to use
Basically you need to kind of this is basically the separate skill like scraping the internet like going on TikTok Instagram YouTube
Whatever and searching for clips
So you need to kind of develop a skill of doing that and you do that by basically just editing more videos like you know
Editing more scripts and then you have this problem and then you try to solve it
And that's how you gain experience in the next time you're editing. Oh, I found this pretty good footage
The last time let me let me try to do that again and then basically that's how you get experience
And that's how you get better at at finding clips on on social media, but
Yeah, definitely definitely
This has helped us like these methods TikTok Instagram YouTube has
Helped us a lot, you know to kind of make our ads better by using footage from from social media
then the next one is in about two elements and
What this is is basically a stock footage library a huge stock footage library
And not just stock footage
So they also have video templates, which is very interesting. So if you hit on
And this is paid by the way in battle is paid
So if you hit on video templates, you can actually sort by applications
So we see after effects from your pro apple motion final cut pro DaVinci resolve. They don't have cap cut
and
Basically, let's say we filter by final cut pro and you can see a lot of a lot of like
resources here like effects lots
Animations transitions camera zoom ins
Like a lot of useful plugins basically that you can use and that that can make your like editing faster and easier and more efficient and
You just like a lot of cool stuff that has helped me a lot
in editing so you can also kind of
Filter by
You know what it is. So I don't know. Let's say you need titles, right?
So you need some kind of cool captions animated captions like you don't have to like, you know, if you need stuff like this like
You just download a plugin drag and drop super easy. You just change the text number or whatever
and you're good to go
basically, so a
lot of useful stuff here for like, you know plugins and installing plugins for
basically any any editing software that you use and
I know I have downloaded a bunch of stuff from here
And it has basically helped me a lot and it made my editing faster
I also have stuff like this, so you have like logo reveals and then you just change the
image and it like does the animation for your logo, which is kind of sick, but yeah, a bunch
of useful video templates for editing software.
Then you have stock video and stock video, basically it is stock video, stock footage,
so I don't know, again let's search for some videos of coffee.
Boom, you know, I get a lot of different b-roll for coffee. You can download it
Usually they're in very very very high quality
Like usually 4k, I think they even added the vertical this is they added this recently so you can
Also filter by horizontal and vertical which is which is quite cool
So yeah, that's stock footage then you also have music
Which is quite nice
You can filter by
Themes whatever genre you have sound effects you have graphic templates even which is quite cool you have graphics 3d presentations photos fonts
Add-ons for like Photoshop and stuff
And then they even have like even more stuff, but yeah, basically in vato
Just a huge huge huge library of creative tools that
Enhance your editing process and make your life just a bit easier. So
Like if I if I had to recommend to like invest in one resource that'll
Help you, you know, make better ads. I would recommend in vato because it helped me a lot and I
Basically found a lot of useful stuff
When I was starting on in the early stages, so
Invato elements for like finding stock footage, then you have pixels
Which is basically in vato but free version so for photos and videos so we search for coffee again
And this is free like this is where you get free stock footage and then I think you can also filter by
Yeah, you also have vertical
Right, so this is where you can get
Stock footage for free
Basically similar thing as in vato, but they don't have like plugins. They don't have templates
They don't have anything like that. They just have stock footage and it's free so pretty useful website
And then we have our list
And our list is actually
You can process your last time, you know that that's uh, that's been embarrassing
So on our list you can actually uh
so they also added footage recently and
We've noticed that uh, we found a lot of cool footage on our list actually and our list is
primarily for music and sound effects, but they also have like pretty good stock footage
And we just realized this
Recently and it's been it's been very good. I don't know if they have oh, they have a very cool as well, which is quite cool
um
But yeah
Another another cool cool way to find to find stock footage basically
Um, and they have they actually have um, pretty pretty high quality videos not gonna lie. They have they have pretty good footage. So
I would definitely recommend our list for stock footage as well
Um, so that's it. Those are kind of all the ways how we how we find footage to use in
In your videos when editing ads. So obviously primarily you should use um as much footage from your brand
Um, that you're working on then you're making the ad for as possible
But sometimes when you're you know when you're not talking about your product when you're talking about some other solutions when you're talking about something else
You kind of need to find creative ways how to show that
In your ad and this is how we do it. So first scraping social media and then we use these um resources for finding
stock footage to support, to support our ads basically.
Then we get to music and sound effects, and for this,
I kind of covered this in music and sound effects video,
but we get music and sound effects
from TikTok, it's from my YouTube.
So, let me show you an example.
So, I don't know, let's say you're doing an ad
for a jewelry brand, right?
You type in jewelry, you just open videos
and you kind of listen to what kind of sounds,
what kind of music is trending in that niche.
So, here you usually have song,
and then you can...
I'm not sure if you can download music directly from TikTok,
but what I usually do is I just try to find out
what song this is.
I don't know why this is.
So, obviously, this is access by DKJ, Danny Johnson,
and then I go on YouTube,
and I search for, I'll just do it right now.
Cool, so what I do is it's not access,
I don't know, I think I suppose it access its ACES.
So, I just search ACES by DKJ TikTok version,
and just like go here,
copy the link, go to YouTube Mate,
the tool I showed you earlier,
go to audio and download audio, and you're good.
Basically, that's how I do it.
That's the most efficient way I found to download music,
and if you don't know,
if this is, sometimes it can say like original sound,
and you don't know what the music is,
I just use Shazam on my phone.
So basically, Shazam is an app that you play the sound,
you hit Shazam, and then the app tells you what song that is,
and then you basically do the same thing.
And for example, for using popular music,
I don't know if you're trying to use something
that's, you know, from a popular creator,
like I don't know, the weekend.
I usually don't like to download.
I usually don't like to download like original versions of the songs because they can get flagged easier.
I usually try to look for like, you know, TikTok versions, slowed version, reverb, whatever, a bit edited versions.
So like they're not as easily flagged by Facebook's algorithm.
So that's the kind of hack I've been using and it's been working well so far.
So yeah, that's how you use TikTok, Instagram and YouTube to basically find music and sound effects for your ads, like specifically music.
And then for stock music and for stock sound effects, we actually use R-list.
And if you go to music, you'll get like a bunch of different genres, even instruments, mood, video theme.
And then you just like, you know, creepy the music and you find a song that fits your ad and you just basically download it and use it.
Very simple.
I might actually share with you guys below this video a kind of a pack of like top, top music, top like stock music that we use for ads.
So we have that as well.
But yeah, that's pretty much it.
Super simple.
And then for sound effects, there's also a sound effects section.
And again, you just need to search what you need.
Like if you need a whoosh, you search for whoosh, right?
And like it's super simple, super easy.
And that's basically where we get all of our music and sound effects.
And then for inspiration, I talked a bit about inspiration in one of the videos and fundamentals module, I think.
But to get inspiration for your ads, I use TikTok and Instagram.
So if you're scrolling social media and I bet you are, I would encourage you to basically whenever you see a good video, whenever you see a good, I don't know, a good hook, a good video ad, just save it.
Like just copy the link or save it in your Instagram saved folders so you can get back to it later on.
And I can actually show you what we do as a team.
So as a team, we actually have ad inspo channel and will definitely have something like this as well in the inside of the community.
So whenever anyone finds a good ad on Instagram, on atria, wherever you find it, just like send it here and kind of explain what you like about this ad.
So for example, I found this a good ad. It was pretty interesting. So I just sent it here into inspo channel and we kind of use this daily to just like, you know, bounce around ideas and like send good ads in this channel.
So, you know, team members can have more inspiration when they're making ads.
We'll definitely have a channel like that inside of the community. So that's that's
E.com talent inspo channel
Should add that in there
But yeah, just like once growing through TikTok or Instagram, like I said, just save it for yourself
So you can reference it back when you're you know, maybe you have a creative block
You don't know what to do then you go back
In start that folder that you have and you basically have some good ideas that you can use there to
Reference and to kind of replicate or me or taking spray from basically
Another platform we use is Atria
Have to open this here
I think I already covered Atria, but essentially just scrolling here and looking for inspiration.
And you also can save ads in your board, so if you like the site, you can save it and
then just make a board for yourself, I don't know, good hooks or whatever, good edits.
And like, you know, just reference it back as inspiration when you're when you're editing
ads.
But yeah, Atria basically has like a lot of a lot of useful like filters here as well.
So you can even search by specific niche or industry.
So if you're working on, I don't know, beauty and personal care product, you filter by
beauty and personal care.
And boom, there you have like a lot of ads and beauty niche, right, that you can take
inspiration from.
So that's definitely a good resource to find inspiration.
And then one other way is actually Meta as library.
And here you can search for any, any brand that you can, that you can think of, for example,
I don't know, I can think of like any, any popular brand, but for example, a you want,
I don't know, I can find them, maybe they're called athletic greens.
Yeah.
So a you want by athletic greens.
And so if you find a brand that you really like, here's where you can search for them.
And you can basically see all of the ads that they run inside of their life, the library
process.
And basically this is what Atria does.
But Atria doesn't have all the ads that they run.
So if you find a good brand, search for them on Meta Library.
And you can see like all the, all the ads that they recently ran.
And then you also have some filters, active types.
And then you can like choose one where they active and stuff like that.
You can also filter by images and videos, which is quite cool.
So yeah, definitely Meta Library is a good resource to also find inspiration for your
ads.
And this pretty much covers it.
I know this video was a bit longer.
I didn't intend it to be like over 30 minutes.
So I do apologize for that.
But yeah, this is pretty much it.
It's not that complicated.
Like I said, you just need to start editing ads, start working on ads and you know, just
start putting in the reps because that's how you get better.
And there's no secret tool, there's no secret resource that will help you, you know, make
more winning ads and make more better ads.
You just need to put in the reps.
And I do want to mention this list right here is the basics.
So here you have everything you need to basically start making ads and start making winning
ads and you probably notice there's no like AI tools here, no complicated, you know,
AI softwares.
And that's because I wanted to make this part like focusing only on the basics and only
on like fundamentals of like tech stack that we use and I'll cover AI tools that we use
to make ads in a different module.
So don't worry, I'll spill the sauce for AI in one of the next videos.
But yeah, these are the fundamentals, these are the basics that we use and this is everything
you need to start making video ads today.
So yeah, that's pretty much it.
Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.
