Alright guys, so as you can see in this video, I am inside of atria. If you don't know what atria
is, then you need to go back into the program and go to the research stage and check where
I talk about atria atria is not only our tool for inspiration and doing research and stuff like
that, it is also our tool for basically doing reports for our creators. And it's like motion,
for example, it's it's it's the best tool that we use at the agency for everything. So what you're
going to do is you're going to make sure that when you are working with creators, that you actually
have feedback loops with them. And if you don't know what feedback loops are, you also need to go
back and watch the program. But basically, I think it's ahead of this. But feedback loops are where
you actually tell creators what is working and what is not, right? Because the thing that most
people do is they tell creators to just make content, and then they don't actually tell them
what does well and what doesn't, right? A lot of these content creators are going to think the
stuff that does organically or does well organically is what does well for ads. But as much as that
sometimes is true, most of the time it's actually not right, they might make videos that don't really
do anything on their personal profile, but they fucking murder as ads. And so we need to make sure
we're communicating that with our creators, right? They need to understand what is absolutely crushing
it in order for them to actually make more content like that, right? So for example, for this brand
right here, we recently asked this creator to and it's the same credit you've probably seen
throughout the whole process, we asked her to actually go through and start making videos around
specific products. And we noticed that she basically made a new kind of like top spending ad for this
product specifically. And so what we've done is we've been able to share this report through
atria. This is very, very simple report to make. Literally, all you need to do is you just need
to make sure you add the creator's name inside of the actual ad account. So that way, when you make
the report inside of atria, I can't show you because it has all of our clients in there. But on the
left hand side of this, it'll just say custom report, you just go in there, you create a new
report. And from there, you then will see this appear and you can add these filters that say ad
name contains chorissa or ad name contains whatever her her ad is. And then you click apply and that
will filter everything. Right. And so for example, for this creator specifically, she had an ad
earlier in November or December that just absolutely ripped this one right here spent like 13,000
and 20 was like $23,000 and generated almost 100k pretty close to it was like 75k or something
like that. And so what we did is we helped the creator actually better understand number one,
what the video is doing. Okay. And number two, we were able to show her the metrics that we could
potentially approve. Like we mentioned her that the thumbs up ratio was kind of like low here,
you know, like 18 to 21% is really not that great. Whereas this one over here is 42%, this one over
here is 48. And so we're able to kind of communicate obviously this video came later. If you're a hockey
player, but it's like we're able to communicate with her about which thumbs stops are working really
well. And what thumbs stops also have the highest conversion is because for example, as you saw,
that was like a kids getting around the rink. That's obviously going to stop a lot of people
that are interested in hockey. But for example, this hook here of the mom actually like tying
the kids skates, if you don't know anything about hockey, I know this is most Canadian video ever,
but that had almost as high as a thumbs up ratio, but like double the conversion rate,
because that's actually going to attract more of the parents that are, you know, used to doing
that potentially, right? And so long story short, we were able to communicate with this creator
certain things like thumbs up ratio, like hold rates, like conversion rates and purchase value,
no, obviously purchase conversion by all that kind of stuff. Now, one thing I'll say is that if you
do not have a creator on a revenue share program, you or an ad spend share program,
the affiliate program, you definitely do not want to show them all the money that you're making
from their ads, because they're probably going to ask more. But the point of this is that you can
actually hide that. So if you want to hide spend and row as and all that kind of stuff, you actually
can. So you can hide, you know, purchase value. And now you can just show the creator like, Hey, look,
this has a really high thumbs up ratio. This has a really high whole rate. This has a, you know,
super low conversion rate, can we try optimizing this further, whatever it is, right? But most
importantly, just very, very simple, you just need to show them what content they're making
that is actually doing well in the account. Okay, you don't just want to have them blindly
creating content. So what we do is we recreate these reports inside of H right, and then you can
actually share these with them as well. One thing that I do want to mention, for example, if I go
into an incognito window over here, and I paste this in, and somehow it lets me, okay, it's not
letting me do it. Let me click copy. And let me paste. This should load up the atria board,
and it might be a little bit cut off here. But you can see she can see this now. But just notice
that if you do click this, it will show her the metric. So sometimes if a creator is not on
the actual program for us for our an affiliate share, again, we're not like trying to hide
anything from her, but we're just trying to make sure that they don't like ask for more money,
basically, because it's like, obviously, the client has a lot of other expenses, but they don't get
that. They see that the ad spent $15,000. And we're like, I want more money, whatever it is. Okay,
but we thought this guy or she's amazing. The point of this is it's like, this is what we need
to do is we need to communicate very minimum, very bare minimum, either in some kind of Google
slide report or camera report, or just a loom like this, where you're saying, Hey, Chris,
this is doing really, really well, your thumbs up ratio is a little bit slow here. But hey,
if you take a look at this one, for example, blah, blah, blah, blah, you get the point. Okay,
there's also some other metrics in here that are really, really good, like CTR. So you can share
CTR with them and be like, Hey, this is this has a really good link, or a link click through rate.
There's also another one in here with like engagement. So you can show what people are actually saying,
like post shares and stuff like that is a really good thing. Like this is getting a ton of shares.
So this is really, really good. Seems like people are really relating with this content.
There's also a video average playtime. So you can help them better understand like, Hey,
seems like most people are dropping off after four seconds. Look at this one. This has a seven
second, you know, watch rate or 7.36 per second, 0.6. Geez, 7.36 second, you know, average playtime,
right, which is really, really good. And so there's a lot of these soft metrics that you can go through.
I also really like this. I believe it's the percentage of videos viewed for at least three
seconds that went on to be played for at least 15 seconds. There's also, I believe this is the
main one that I'm looking for. This is a really cool metric to be able to see like what percentage
of the people who stopped actually went on to watch 15 seconds. So kind of like an optimized
hold rate. So out of the people that actually stopped, how many of them actually continue to
watch? And you can see about 29%. So that's where here, for example, you can see we have a 48%
thumbstop ratio. But out of the people that actually stopped, only 22% of them continue to
watch 15 seconds, right? Whereas this one here,
is really good, this is 29%, so that's a lot higher.
And so the whole point of this big spiel
is you're able to communicate with your creators
what is performing, why it's performing,
and you can help them make more content, right?
I also love to go through and pull up the ad combing.
- This is for Om. - Specifically,
and that's what's really cool.
This ad is turned off by the way
because they're out of stock.
But you can actually pull this up inside of Meta,
and then you can go to the ad,
and you can actually go and pull the comments from it
and stuff like that as well.
And you're gonna see a lot of people
are gonna leave a whole bunch of crazy comments
and all kinds of dumb stuff.
But it's like love this coat, guys are Christmas gift,
my husband bought one for Christmas, and I love it.
So it seems like a lot of husbands
were buying this for their wives, right?
Just bought one for my wife.
I've been trying to get in touch with customer service
for weeks, this is where we'd love to see it.
Guess I was fortunate to win a Canada Goose jacket,
which is extremely normal, blah, blah, blah.
Anyways, the point of this is,
is you can start to share what people are saying,
and that's what you need to do.
You need to be creating feedback loops
with your content creators.
You need to make sure they understand why things are working.
You need to give them your marketing brain
and help them understand,
'cause then they're gonna have ideas
and be like, oh my gosh, people are talking about,
okay, hold on, let me make a new video
about how, oh my God, I can't believe this gift.
My husband just got me.
I'm so lucky, right?
She can make a video about that, right?
That's what people were commenting, so there we go.
Gifts my husband got me that I actually love, right?
Here it is, boom, right?
So that's something that could now turn into an ad
that absolutely crushes even further,
because we're doing the research
and we're helping give new ideas
to the content creators based off what is working.
So that is how we complete feedback loops
for our content creators, that's how we use Atria,
and we build one of these reports
for every single of our creators,
and so we can also see how our creators are actually doing,
'cause if we can scroll down and we can see, okay,
we spent $26,000 or the last many days
on this creator's content and generated almost 93 or over,
almost 100K, right, and that's just from her content.
And so that for us is huge, because again,
we are paying this creator, I'm not,
oh, actually you guys know this is in the program,
we're paying $500 a month, right?
And so it's like we obviously now have her
on more of a structured program and stuff like that,
but the point of this is it's like,
this is how you're able to come in
and communicate with creators and get tons of value
from them because you're actually supporting them
and helping them become a better creator
based off of what is actually converting
and based off of what people wanna see, okay?
So hopefully that all makes sense
and it helps you guys do a lot better work
your craters and make a lot more winning nuts.
