All right, so I wanted to make a overview part two of why content is so important and why by
not having this engine that you see in front of you in your business is a giant mistake. Okay,
I've told the story a few times before, but I'll tell it again for anybody that's going through
the program to watch this content module. And it's that I was very, very blind and dumb, honestly,
to this engine here. Okay, I'm going to break this down. I'm not going to go through every single
step. But I want you guys to understand that I always thought that, you know, it was all about
creatives, it's all about just making your own creatives and having marketers do all the ads
themselves. And I was basically slapped in the face when I chat with the founder who was doing
over $100 million and scaled to over $100 million in two years, and did that through the process
of a content engine. Okay. And the thing is, is this content engine actually is super easy to run.
It doesn't really require anybody other than just creators and someone to manage those creators.
And it basically allows you to scale creative strategy teams massively. Okay. Those of you that
don't understand a content creator for your business is not only the strategist, but they're also
the copywriter, they're also the video editor, and they're also the person that films the content.
And then they're also the person that will go out and continue to do this over and over and over again
for very little costs. If you were to hire all four of those people, marketing wise,
it will cost you definitely more than 10k per month. Okay. Yet there's people out there that
will do this for $100, 150 bucks, and a lot of them for free. Okay. And so what I'm going to walk
you through in this content engine and why and basically this entire process over with incense
everything else that we do is because I realize that this is a way to scale. And it's not only just
a way to scale organically, but it is a way to scale massively with paid ads because what you're
doing is you're creating an engine that generates content that you may have not thought of and it
allows you to scale it in a way that doesn't degrade quality as long as you actually pay attention to
it. But it can help you make an extra 30 ads per week without you even having to do anything. Okay.
For our client right now that is spending $25,000 a day, they are they literally have 10 graders that
are making one to two videos per week that we cut three different ways that over a month gives us
basically 100 extra ads per month to test. Okay. And that is zero extra lift on our end other than
just the product sitting that we did the onboarding and making sure we let them know what is working
and what's not. Okay. And so this content engine can be a massive driver for your business. And if
you do not have a content engine in your company, you need one right away. And I would even recommend
that you install a content engine before you even start to hire creative strategist and all this
other stuff. Because if you nailed this content engine and you know how to complete feedback loops,
you can honestly scale to millions and millions of dollars without having to do creative strategy.
Okay. The brand that I spoke with is a brand that right now does zero creative strategy.
And they spend $150,000 a day on meta at a three X plus return on ad spend zero creative strategy.
How is that possible? They have hundreds. And at this point, thousands of creators making videos
not once or twice a week, almost every single day, because they're incentivized to do so.
And that content engine gives them so much volume, while also still maintaining quality,
because it's spread out across so many different people, that it is a massive, massive driver.
And at that point, it basically becomes impossible to not find winning ads. Okay.
And so what I want to walk you through here is there's basically four steps to this funnel.
It's very simple. Okay. Number one is we start with the framework. Okay. And obviously,
you need the platform and that's everything that I'm going to walk you guys through down here.
But a framework is very, very important. Okay. So with them, you need to figure out, okay,
what do these creators need to know about our brand? What do they need to know about our product?
And our marketing team will work on that. But you can do this. So you create the framework.
And what the framework looks like is down here, you will see this over here is the sending
frameworks to the clients. There's a link for this. You don't, you probably shouldn't skip this,
because I'm going to explain the next part as well. But this framework is very, very, very important.
Okay. The next one is casting an outreach. So the platforms that we have tested or that you can
see here is incense incense is the main one. We've done some stuff on join brands, but don't really
like it. We have a network of creators now because we've worked with so many. And we also used to use
backstaging, but we've just found that backstage or backstage, backstage casting. But we just found
with them, they don't actually know how to deliver polished ads, like the people on incense and
potentially join brands do. So we run on incense and join brands and use our creator network mainly.
Okay. From there, we're going to review and shortlist any creators that apply. We're going to create
orders for them and send it out. We're going to ship the product. We're going to track that.
We're going to make sure that they actually get it. And then from there, we're going to update
our statuses to make sure that we move into production. Now production is this framework
given to the creator that has the product. And they're going to go through and make the video.
We're then going to submit that and launch it. It's very, very simple. We're also going to cut
this three different ways as well. So whenever we get a video back from a creator, we just cut
it three ways, three different timestamps. You guys will see me explain that as well. And then we
review the performance to see if there was any winning or losing creators. If there is a winning
creator, we then go and we send them a contract, which you guys will see this entire process has
just been updated here as well. And then from there, we make sure that, okay, if this is working and
we have extra budget, we will then basically put fire, put fuel on the fire, rather than just doing
product seeing on incense, we'll actually start our paid campaign. So we start paying 100 to $150
per video. And then we just repeat that process over and over and over again. Okay, and then it's
very important that we review our profitability at the end of every quarter at the end of every month.
Okay, we spent this amount on UGC, how many money NASA we get, and how much were we able to spend
on that? And you can create reports instead of HTML, like we show you how to do. And we could
also create reports just inside of meta based on specific tags, as long as you have the right
naming schemes. And this is the engine that can propel your business forward without you actually
needing a team. The team that you need is basically a VA to help you with
finding creators and managing campaigns and following up on incense. And then from there,
you just providing ideas to creators and letting them run with it. Okay, this engine has changed the
trajectory of our agency and the allowed us to scale brains so much faster. Because once we
install this in their business, they're able to start an entire new stream of apps,
production, okay? Because we're not doing this for organic. We're doing this for paid ads because
that's how we teach you to scale, okay? There are organic strategies out there that are great,
but this engine right here is an incredible engine that can help, again, propel your business and
not only that, give you all of the content that you need to then develop your creative strategy
further. Because whenever any of these, this system produces a winning ad, which it likely will,
we will then learn from that ad and do creative strategy off of that ad, which then completes
the feedback loop and allows us to make better ads and then also share more information with
creators and we start that positive feedback loop that allows us to scale and get you to the
million dollar plus months that you're looking to get. So this is the content engine. This is why
content is so important outside of the first video. This is the updated version that it can massively
scale your business. There are a hundred million dollar nine figure brands that are scaling just
with this engine. Now, is there engine exactly like this? No, it's a little bit different and
there's a lot more that can go into this content engine, but this is the content engine that we've
built internally for ourselves and it is producing incredible results for us. So I hope you guys enjoy
these next series of modules. It should help you a ton. I look forward to seeing you print lots of
