So in this video, I'm gonna be talking about
how to get studio grade content for your brand
and how to do it without spending 10s and 20 thousands
of dollars like a lot of people typically do, okay?
So why do we care about studio grade content
or number one, what the hell is studio grade content?
Oh, if you don't know what it is,
this is basically what studio photography is, okay?
It's where you get professionally shot photos, okay?
For me, this is my worst nightmare
'cause I don't wanna be this guy,
I hate getting my photo taken, but hey, your products,
they need photos taken and they probably
need videos taken as well.
Now, does it always need to be in a studio like this?
No, you can actually go out and do different kinds
of photo shoots, which I was gonna try to show you here.
For example, our client over at Carapot,
who had a very awesome studio shoot that they did,
that gave us a ton of amazing looking photography
for us to use on the website, for us to use on our ads
and basically for us to try to appeal
as a very established brand, okay?
You can see this kind of photography
versus the photos that you're taking on your phone
is night and day different, okay?
And so when you actually get professional photos
or professional videos done, it can be massive
for the overall appearance of your brand
and also for the quality of ads
that you can put into your ad account.
If you context, this ad has spent $173,000
since we launched it in March.
So this ad has almost been running for an entire year
and this was put together using studio content.
As you can see, let me go ahead volume
'cause it is so loud,
but this was a mix of UGC and studio content.
So there we go, there's the UGC, UGC, UGC,
and then boom, studio content, right?
There's the video of just this professional shot,
cleaning it, pouring it to the sink,
commercial TV, commercial style stuff, okay?
There's like the little animations, boom, there it is.
That is why studio content is so important, okay?
And from there, you can also see we have had other images
like this one here that has recently taken off
of just, hey, here's a great looking humidifier
and a little nursery, okay?
And we've got a nice little headline on it
and it is performing like you wouldn't believe.
We set this up December 21st,
it's been running for a month,
it's already spent $15,000, pretty awesome stuff, okay?
So studio content is going to be very important
for your brand in order to be able to actually scale
in multiple areas, okay?
When it comes to CRO, when it comes to people
understand your products, when it comes to overall brand appeal
and when it comes to ads.
So this is awesome, Spencer, how the heck do I shoot this
or how do I get this, okay?
There's three things that you can do.
Number one, you can go to Fiverr, go ahead, search up Fiverr
and just look up professional photography
or product e-commerce product specialist, whatever it is, okay?
You could find someone who's maybe overseas
or someone who, wherever they are,
can shoot your content for a very affordable price.
Just know that obviously you're going to have to pay
probably more in shipping to get it to that person.
But what I would do is I would really try to build
a relationship with whoever it is
that you decide to hire and again,
do not just hire the first person that you talked, okay?
I actually don't use Fiverr, I'm just on the Upwork King
so I love to use Upwork, but just go in here
and just post the job, okay?
I'm looking for short-term or part-time work, okay?
You can reuse it in the existing job posts
or just create a new one, okay?
Continue, what's the title?
Looking for a studio shoot, looking for a product shoot
or looking to get a studio shoot done
for my e-commerce products, whatever it is to go.
Looking for a professional photographer,
a videographer to shoot content for my products.
You can select videography
or if you just want to shoot local photography, you can.
Go ahead, go next, go to skills.
If you've never used Upwork before,
it's very, very simple.
Photography, videography, video production, video editing,
photo editing, product photography,
Dolby Lightroom, fashion and view, whatever, okay?
There we go.
I don't even know if we need to select that many, but.
All right, next, scope, okay?
It's just gonna be small.
It's probably gonna be one to three months, okay?
I'm looking for immediate level.
Could photography become full-time?
Maybe not, no, not at this time.
Next is budget and then you can see
it actually already kind of sets a budget for you,
so 13 to $3 per hour
or if you just want to put a fixed price that you can
just because if you've never done this before,
you probably don't know what you need to pay to get this,
but so you could just leave it here
if you want to pump it up a bit, you can.
Next, you go into the description
and then you're just gonna write a job description.
If you've never written job description,
just look up example of job description
or you can just be yourself
and just spend 15 to 20 minutes to type out, hey,
my name is Valalala.
I have a company over at Valalala
and I am looking to partner with the photographers
slash what you are.
I prefer to help me produce content for my ads
and for my website.
I'm looking for people that can do da, da, da, da, da, da,
okay, you get the idea, all right?
Again, very, very simple to do
or the other thing that you can do
if you don't want to go through Upwork
and you don't want to go through this online app,
literally just Google local product photographers near me,
okay, you can see I already got four ads,
how many ads is that, four ads for that?
And obviously I'm based in Vancouver,
so wherever you're based, you could also just call
some of these businesses a little bit more about what they do,
like look at this, funky business right here.
Let's take a look, delicious photos for your brand.
Awesome, let's check their packages.
Let's take a look and see what they can do, okay?
We offer multiple packages, lifestyle, essential,
stand, like look at this,
this product photography looks great, okay?
Obviously they've got all different kinds of stuff here.
Here's like a video that they've done as well.
I mean, look at this, so I can get 33 photos
and three retouches for $333.
So like that is pretty decent and this is Canadian,
so that's basically nothing.
But at the end of the day, your goal would be
to contact these people, tell them about your brand,
let them know what you're doing,
say I'm definitely looking for partners that we can go with
and then what's really cool is you can just go there
and you don't have to shift on the product,
you can just bring them to the product,
you can just tell them all about it,
show them what it is, share some ideas
and you can get a great photo shoot dot
for a really decent cost, okay?
If I had a product and if I had a brand,
this would probably be the first thing that I did, okay?
I would also chat with them,
see if they could do a video,
say you had some ideas for this.
Content is going to be so, so, so important.
I actually have another video that's gonna talk
about why content is so important.
important but at the end of the day this is how you can go about finding content for your brand
working and just calling some local businesses or doing it online and getting some professional
photography or studio grade content for your brand to leverage and ads and for your brand to
leverage on your website and even other places like your Instagram or whatever it may be. So that
is how you can go out and get content for your brand and I'm telling you this is one of the best
investments that you can make if you're serious about growing your business because content is
