All right guys, so I also want to film a part two to this to let you know that we have also updated our strategy to now launch paid campaigns inside of incense as well now this is more advanced. Okay, so if you do not have budget to do this, then don't do it. You guys don't have to what I would say budget would be for this is ideally like 1000 bucks.
And if you have a five or $6,000 a month budget that you could put towards content, then amazing. But the whole point of this is is that when you do product seating specifically, you're not usually going to get as many applications as if you're willing to properly pay somebody for it. Right. So in this brand here, you can see we launched a product seating campaign and we have three applications there for applications here three there one there. And so that's another thing as well as you guys should always be testing different campaigns for different different customer types as well. And I will explain that.
That down below. So when you just want your once you launch your one product sitting campaign, you can also launch others as well. And so just make sure that like if you're going to confuse by that later on, I should explain that if not just know that you can launch multiple product sitting campaigns.
And the thing that I want to show you here though is that we decided to launch a user generated content campaign where we had 10 applications, which is basically more than we got in the previous four. Now why is that well because we're willing to actually pay the creators.
Okay. And so in this instance here, if you click view brief, you'll notice that we have our brief here, but we're also now paying a hundred to $150 per video. Okay.
Now it's very important to put the product price range inside of here as well. As you can see here, the product price is $230. But the point of this is is we're also now willing to pay $100 to $150 on top of that.
Now the thing with this is if you're going to do a paid campaign, then you want to be a lot more selective with the content creators that you actually hire.
And so for example, if I'm going to check out what this girl said specifically, I don't want to hire her, but let's just jump into the actual chat.
So for example, this crater doesn't have a profile photo. She said I can make beautiful video of these hockey outfits and products. She's a hockey player.
I would videotape it with high quality and beautiful lighting. I'd maybe go and check her videos and let's just see what her portfolio is.
Okay. So she's like a blender. She's outside. Like this looks a little mid to me like is a little bit sketchy. Let's just check this video out.
Yeah, like that's that's pretty trash, right? So like this, this is somebody that is obviously
very slim pickings, you could also go and check out their tech talk as well. So let's see 60,
it looks like they do food style content and she's like not in in any of the videos.
So she's not really getting a lot of views. So for me, if you want to hire this person,
like that's on you, bro, it's like that's on you. Okay, if you feel like this person is good,
then for me, I'm probably a no, right? Like I'm not going to pay someone that looks a little sus,
right? And even then like product sitting wise, I might not choose this person. But the point is,
is that you can now launch paid campaigns and you will likely get a lot more applications when you
do it. So I just wanted to share that with you guys as part of the content over the process,
inside of incense, you can launch paid campaigns on here. They can be successful. Just know that
it does it's a 10% fee. So whenever you buy credits, it's like a 10% fee on top of that. So keep that
in mind. But if you have a decent $2,000, $3,000 budget to go and launch some paid campaigns,
you will get a ton of applications, especially if your product is kind of like broad enough.
And from there, and this is obviously a very low end. So this is just to show you like this is
one of the most niche products that you could find. It's like hockey protective gear, right?
It's been a bit of a struggle to find people for this. So there will be videos coming out later of
what we do in this situation. But the point is, is I just want to give you guys another overview
that we are launching paid campaigns as well on incense. And it can be used if you have a budget
to higher creators as well.
