Alright so now in this video, we're going to talk about how to manually fill this out.
If you haven't done any research and you really are just trying to understand your product.
Okay, now obviously the module below this is going to talk about how to do it with AI,
but that's really for people who have already done some kind of research and have been through
the process and are trying to come back and really understand their avatars.
This is going to be for the people that don't really have any information at all and are
filling this out for the first time.
So let's go ahead and jump in.
So how do we manually fill this out?
Now this is going to be painful for me, but we're going to go through and do it live together.
Okay, so let's go ahead.
Let's fill out this document.
I don't have any research.
I don't have anything but a product.
You might even have a bare bones product page here, so I kind of have a bit of advantage
on you.
But here, let's just go ahead and fill this out for this brand called Doc Friendly Coat.
So let's go ahead, product name, dog harness.
What is the price point?
Well if we take a look at this, the price point is $42 and it might even throw in the little
slash action here as well, so $52 slashed out, actually it looks like it's not going
to be fun, but let's go ahead and do that.
So $42 is the actual price point.
And then over here, we have our product in action.
So how does your product work?
Describe the process and method of what it does and the outcome it provides, then provide
a sixth grade reading level version.
Now, if you don't know why we say sixth grade reading level, it's because the hemming are
basically most people actually only can read at a sixth grade level.
So basically whatever you type, you want to put it inside of here just to make sure that
it actually works.
So this is hemmingwayapp.com.
So over here, what we're going to say is like, how does your product work?
Well, let's go ahead and again, these are all assumptions, right?
So how does the product work?
Well, the product is a harness that goes on top of the dog and is used for walking it
more, or walking it better than a traditional collar.
The dog friendly harness specifically, let's take a look, is the most comfortable, look
at it, this is great.
So here's all the benefits, right?
So this is going to suck, is the most comfortable, we're going to have to type all of this out.
And easy to use dog harness back by 60 day perfect fit guarantee is very comfortable,
shape resistant, so it can be put on in two seconds.
So that's great.
So the dog friendly harness is one of the fastest harnesses to put on and can be put
on in only two to three seconds.
Okay, it's shape resistant has lightweight straps.
So it is chafe resistant, which makes it more comfortable for your dog and is light
weight.
And let's see, we have personalized with custom name patch and choke free design for comfortable
walks.
And so here we have personalized with custom name patches.
So it can also be personalized with custom name patches and has a choke free design for
more comfortable walks.
Okay.
And so again, this is just me kind of throwing in using the product page like, Hey, what
does this do?
How does your product work?
So describe the process method of what it does and the outcome it provides.
So that's just me kind of explaining the product.
So now if I try to like, just say, Hey, what, what does this actually do?
It helps owners or dog owners put their dogs harness on easier and cute for the dog.
So there we go.
I would say this is probably like my sixth grade level.
Let's see if we popped us into Hemingway.
Ah, great.
custom name patches. So this says zero four cents. Very hard to read. One of four
sentences are hard to read. So it can be personalized with custom name. So it can
be customized. You can actually do if you use cloud, because we're going to be
smart here, we're going to go to our good old friend Claude, Claude AI, we say,
Hey, Claude, rewrite this at a sixth grade level. For context, here is the
original question. I am answering. And so here, we can now still use Claude. So
question. Here is what I wrote. And now we can just let Claude cook. And now
ideally, we have a project, but this is the sixth grade version. So we can see
if Claude actually cooked with this. So let's see. Let's go to Hemingway. Let's
paste this in grade four. Claude unreal. Look at that. Actually doing some work. So
now we can actually paste this back in. So if we go back over here, we can add a
little sixth grade level. And again, this is important for marketing, right? We
want to make sure that we're communicating a way that is easy to understand
because sometimes as business owners and as people who run our own product, we
like to like sound cool and sound fancy. Like even for me, like choke-free, that
makes sense to me, but it might not make sense for a lot of people. So it's
important to run it through. So for example, the hardest wraps are on your
dogs chest and back. This spreads out the pole when your dog walks. So it doesn't
hurt their neck like a collar does. You can put it on super fast. Just two or
three seconds. The soft material won't rub your dog skin the wrong way. It's
also really lightweight. So your dog won't feel heavy. You can add your dog's
name to make it special. And your dog will be more comfortable and happy on walks
because the harness doesn't squeeze their throat. Fantastic. Now, let's talk
about the actual features. So what are the products main features? So again, we can
use AI to support with this, but I'm trying to be like anti AI on this stuff
to actually just be like clear on the features. So here we have like product
details. So for example, now we're gonna get into some of the actual materials and
stuff like that too. And depending on whether or not you know the materials,
here we need to try to find. So this is a ITW Unbreakable Secure Bundle. So
that's one of the features and I'm gonna pop in there right away. Okay. And then
from here they have premium shape resistant webbing. That's kind of like a
benefit kind of call out, I would say. One click on and off. That's kind of a
feature. That's kind of a benefit. Let's see what else we got here for actual
features. So adjustable straps. So again, you can see this brand is a good job of
same feature and then benefit. So why do adjustable straps matter? Well, it gives
you the perfect fit. And then here we have easy one click button. We have sturdy
grab handle for added control. So again, so we have sturdy grab handle. So let's
just add that in sturdy grab handle. What else do we have? Heavy duty D ring.
Again, this this brand has learned a lot from our zero about tying mechanisms
or tying features into benefits and available in exclusive custom design
colors. So customizable. Right, that's a feature. Customizable. I could spell it.
I think that's I'm terrible. It's fine. So bear with me. I've probably already made
13 supply mistakes. What else do we have here? Two seconds on and off. What
materials is made with? Don't actually know. So that's one thing as well. We're
like, okay, well, what is this made with? Because I don't know. We probably should
though, perfect 60 day guarantee, size guide, cool. It doesn't say like we have
any other material. I guess it's premium shape resistant webbing. So we could just
say like premium webbing might be the feature. But overall, that's that's good.
We got five here. Okay. And so let's take a look at the benefits. So feature one,
we have and sometimes what I like doing here is I actually like putting it here.
So it w unbreakable secure buckle.
Okay. And let's see if we can paste this in without breaking it.
So why, why does this matter?
Why would an ITW unbreakable secure buckle matter?
And honestly, I don't even know what an ITW buckle is.
And so sometimes if you are like reading this stuff and you're an idiot like me,
you could also just go into cloud again.
And you could say, okay, hey, Claude, what is this?
And again, you should always double check this, but it's going to go ahead and search elsewhere.
So look at that, it even corrected me because I pasted it wrong.
So based on our research, the ITW unbreakable secure buckle appears to prefer to a heavy
duty buckles made by ITW Nexus, Illinois Toolworks.
ITW is a major manufacturer of high quality plastic buckles and fastening hardware.
So ITW Nexus makes various types of side release buckles that are designed for durability and
reliability, including super strong versions that are built for extreme impact resistance
and high tensile loads.
These buckles are commonly used in military and tactical gear, outdoor criminal backpacks,
pet harnesses, medical equipment, marine applications, life saving equipment.
The buckles are made in the USA, good to know, and designed to withstand extreme loads,
making them ideal for application where durability is required.
They feature blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Okay, cool.
So now we know what this is, okay?
So what is the benefit of the ITW secure buckle?
Well, number one, the dog, you know, won't get out of the harness, right?
Because the buckles are so secure.
And sometimes when things are also like benefits or multiple benefits,
you just copied over like this.
So this is something that Claude won't do if you just do AI only, by the way.
But ITW Unbreakable Secure Buckle will benefit here.
Let's just say another one is it's made in the USA, right?
That's actually actually a benefit and we'll explain why that matters as well.
And then what we can also do is we can also ask Claude too.
Again, use AI to your advantage, guys.
What would be the benefits of a dog harness that has the feature ITW secure buckle?
Let's just see what it says.
"No breaking during emergencies.
Redox only bolts after school.
The buckle won't break."
Okay.
So your dog won't run away.
So there we go.
Me and Claude are on the same page.
Right here, we have reliable equipment.
So you could trust it won't fail if your dog pulls hard.
Well, that's the same thing.
Piece of mine, strong pullers.
So we're finding a commonality here, right?
Durability.
So long lasting is a benefit, right?
So it's kind of long lasting.
Other resistant maintained strength.
Quick one handed release secure hold under attention professional grade
for dog owners means confidence and so here we go.
Now we're starting to get to desires, which we're going to see in a second.
But there we go.
So we've got at least two benefits for this one.
The next one we have is adjustable straps.
Okay. Now again, why do adjustable straps matter?
Well, it helps make sure that it is.
perfect fit for the dog. Okay, and we're just gonna kind of go
through the rest of these, you guys can kind of get the point,
but allow yourself to go down rabbit holes, right? Because again,
these are all ad ideas right here, guys. Like, these are all
things that when you're just understanding your product,
you're gonna get new ideas. So like, no breaking, no breaking
during emergencies. So if your dog bolts after a squirrel, it's
not gonna, it's not gonna snap because we have this mechanism,
right? You're, you can trust your dog. If it pulls hard to
get in a scuffle with another dog, it's not gonna go, you know,
like rip another dog's face off. That's kind of crazy. But you
get the point, okay? Over here, we have sturdy grab handle. I
don't actually really like this feature. I don't really know why
I put that down as a feature. It's kind of a weird feature. Let's
go happy duty D ring feature. Okay. What does a heavy duty
D ring do? Well, it actually allows you to attach the leash to
for less pulling and again we can actually ask Claude this as well. If you guys are struggling,
what would be the benefit of a heavy duty D-ring on a dog harness? Let's see if Claude actually
cooks. Won't break under pressure, long lasting, handles high force, can withstand the full pulling
power, secure leash attachment, emergency reliability, it's really going off here. Practical advantage,
better control, multiple leash options, versatility, active ready, suitable for hikers. The benefit
is over here, it allows you to attach your leash from the front for last pulling. That's just the
main benefit if you wanted to pull some from these as well. Maybe you can support dog, backpacks,
a reliable anchor point for trainers, won't break under pressure, handles high force. This is the
main thing. It handles strong pullers, the benefit can handle strong pullers or stop your dog from
pulling. The other feature that we have here is customizable. Now, why would customizable matter?
Well, let's go and bump this in. It allows people to show their personality. It's kind of a benefit,
but we can also ask Claude again, why would customizable feature be a benefit or a dog harness name,
take quick identification? It's got a funny, faster reunions, always visible, emergency situations,
no jingling, won't get caught, professionals, cool training, social benefits, helps others
interact. That's a good one. Training reinforcement reduces anxiety and strangers use their name.
A piece of mine on your dog is always identified. It allows people to show the personality. That's
kind of where I went, but I'll just say it also makes it easy. You're one less thing to remember
replaced, professional appearance for photos, better chance of quick recovery. A piece of mine
on your dog is always properly identified. It's kind of like the benefit.
And now, once we have these benefits with the help of Claude, and again, as I've mentioned before,
I'm very over-loved from Claude. I love using Claude to help me brainstorm things,
because a lot of times I know what it is. I just kind of like my brain can't really put it together.
But over here, and a lot of you guys may be in the same book, but let's take a look at the assumed
desires. So for each of the benefits that we just went through, what are the deeper desires
that you are assuming it attends to? So simply ask yourself, why does someone want that?
And in short, it's like, why? And now again, these are going to be assumptions.
These are not things that we've actually validated and gone out and done research and found. We're
just kind of going, we're just winging it right now. We're just assuming that, hey, we think this
is why people would care. And again, Claude helps with that as well. So for this first desire here
of like, the dog won't get out of the harness, we can kind of copy this over and we can kind of
pace this in here. And let's see if it it likes us. There we go. The dog won't get out of the harness.
Well, why? Like, why is that important? Why does that matter? Because then they know,
Their dog is safe, right?
Again, better put, you can go down actually a long ways on this.
And I just, I just thought first I could have like, if we should go down this rabbit hole,
but I don't think we will.
Um, but what you really need to be thinking is like, why does someone want that?
It's like, well, they want their dog to be safe.
Big, biggest desire that we could talk about here is like their dog actually being safe.
Okay.
Uh, let's talk about this.
Let's talk about another benefit.
So it's made in the USA, miracle, baby.
And for all my Americans, we love to see it.
Um, so now benefit, it's made in the USA.
Why does that matter?
Okay.
Why does it matter?
Like, why, why would someone want it to be made in the USA, right?
They want American made products.
Very simple.
Right.
They want something that is American made or they want to support their country, right?
These are more patriotic desires that we can start to tap into.
And that's why when you see people say made in America, it's because they want to kind of tap into that desire of, you
know, patriotism and people wanting to, you know, support their country, support local, essentially.
And, you know, they want, they know that Americans, sometimes people associate American made with good, right?
And so America has this brand, depending on who you ask, it could be good or bad, but they want American made products.
That would be the desire.
Okay.
And we're actually going to run this through Claude as well.
Uh, another benefit here is it helps make sure it's the perfect fit.
Okay.
So why does that desire matter?
Well, they want their dog to feel comfortable, right?
They, or maybe they want their dog to, if I don't lose my headphone, they might want their dog to, um, overall not get hurt, right?
They might not want, they want their dog to stay safe again, but they want their dog to ultimately, um, not be in any sort of pain.
Right.
Um, so overall, they want their dog to be comfortable.
So you can think of positive or negative emotions on this, but they want their dog to feel comfortable in the harness.
Okay.
Uh, now we have a benefit over here from the heavy duty D ring, right?
And so now if we get over here, it allows you to attach the leash to the front for less pulling.
Now, why, why does someone want their dog to pull less?
Well, they want to, um, you know, feel in more control on walks, right?
Or maybe if you have another desire for this as well, um, you know, again,
you can do the same thing as we did last time.
You know, maybe they want to be less embarrassed when they go on walks in front of others.
potential social thing there, right?
Like, oh, there's that girl who, you know,
takes her, her dog takes her for a walk, right?
So let's jump over here to the final one,
which is like the benefit of like, again,
peace of mind of knowing your dog
is always properly identified.
Let's go ahead and pop this in here.
And why would someone want that?
Why would someone want their dog to be identified?
Well, they want to make sure their dog is safe.
Very, very similar to this one up here
is what I would say.
Now you could go different one where it's like,
they want to make sure their dog never gets lost
or they want to make sure people know their dog
in that instance, right?
And you can keep asking why,
that was a rabbit hole again that was gonna go down.
I was like, you can keep asking like,
why does this matter?
And you might get down to what they actually want,
but at the end of the day,
we're trying to identify some of these desires here, okay?
So what I would also do is I would copy the same thing here.
And again, I would go into Claude.
And I would say, hey, Claude, can you then turn these benefits
into desires?
And I know a lot of you guys don't even know
what desires are yet.
So you might have to watch the desires video
as well as we go through this.
But just, I want you,
you don't even really need to understand desires
to go through this because this is what desires are.
It's what people want, okay?
Very simply put.
And we're gonna go a lot deeper
to how you guys can actually identify the desires
because that's what matters most.
But at the end of the day, we want to go through
and we just want to assume.
And so we're just gonna follow this exercise
and you'll understand why desires are important
in a little bit.
But, hey, Claude, can you turn these benefits into desires?
Let's see what it does.
So benefit, the dog won't get the hungness, desire.
I want to feel confident.
My dog will stay safe and secure.
No matter how excited or strong they get.
Pretty solid one there, right?
Benefits, man, the USA.
I want to smart American jobs
and buy quality products I can trust.
There you go.
Adjustable straps.
Now let's make sure that it is the perfect of the dog.
I want my dog to be comfortable and happy
and have you walk, right?
If you're a dearing, I want enjoyable stress-free rocks
where I'm in control.
God, what I said, right?
I think I said that.
I want to feel in control.
Ha, look at me cooking, guys.
Come on now.
Told you, I'm decent at this stuff.
One of my dogs, gear, this is crazy.
Constable, it's just, and I love this stuff, by the way, guys,
because going back through and doing this stuff
is just really good.
Even every now and then, if this is just like basic stuff
for you, maybe you're re-watching this
and you're not someone that's in origins
or if you are in origins, I hope you're liking this stuff.
But it's good to come back and do this stuff
and go back and really sit in the fundamentals,
because this is where a lot of growth has happened.
It's sometimes just me be reminded more
than you'd be taught, you know?
Big ox, mostly saying.
Customizable, it allows people to show their personality.
So desire, I want my dog's gear to reflect
how special and unique they are to me, right?
And then customizable piece of mind
knowing your dog is probably identified.
I want to know that if something happens,
my dog will find their way back to me, okay?
So there you go.
Really good one, right?
So now we could create this angle.
My mind's already running with a bunch of angles
just from doing this stuff where it's like,
okay, we've got this name tag here.
What if we, you know, create a story
about like how this name tag saved a dog, right?
And we could actually go out and ask customers
and find out if you have enough customers.
It's like, hey, has that ever happened?
Has anybody ever like returned your dog home
after seeing the name?
You know, potentially people have their address
on the other side or whatever it is?
You know, it would be pretty awesome.
But obviously people aren't breaking out of this,
but you know, if they're off the leash run around,
get the idea.
And so there we go.
And now the final part down here for that.
I love most is new mechanisms, okay?
So these are gonna be USPs.
So USPs are unique selling propositions,
AKA what makes your product unique?
And again, this is assumed,
I need to add another assumed here, assumed new mechanisms.
What are you assuming is a unique mechanism?
'Cause a lot of you guys think you have a unique mechanism.
That's actually not that unique.
It's a lot of people that have it.
But does your product have any new mechanisms
that separate it from the market?
I would say one thing that stands out to me
is the customizable name tag.
I haven't really seen that in a lot of harnesses before.
Another thing that I would say as well,
just from like outside looking in
of like potential new mechanisms is the D-ring as well.
So like this front, not the back one,
but there's this D-ring here.
I don't know if it's even on here.
Let's get actually shows it.
heavy-duty D-ring, yeah, it's actually not even included.
So that should be in there.
But I would say like that D-ring is definitely a new mechanism.
So the front D-ring is not something
that I've really seen on harnesses before.
I didn't really know those things.
So that could also be a new mechanism, okay?
And again, you can add as many as you want,
but just understand that these new mechanisms
a lot of the time are gonna be hard
if you just have a basic product
that is the same as everyone else's, okay?
And so we're gonna get into other ways
about how you can differentiate yourself
if you don't have new mechanisms,
but new mechanisms are literally the most powerful thing.
So you really wanna think deep.
And so what you could also do
is now that we've done this, we can customize this
and or we could just copy this
and you could even in your same chat
if you've been doing this,
based on what you know about the dog harness,
what, how would you answer this?
And now we're going to do a see if Claude can come up with the other mechanisms for us.
Based on what I know about the Dark Honors,
the one, two, three quick clip system.
So, new mechanism, ultra fast application,
ITW military grade, I'm breaking the buckle,
uses the same buckle,
system trusted by military and lifesaving equipment,
front clip, anti-pull, heavy duty.
So, new mechanism, strategic de-ring placement,
that redirects pulling force to naturally
discourage behavior, integrated customizable ID system,
built in ID patch, and chain-resistant comfort engineering.
So, new mechanism, lightweight materials,
so designed to prevent rubbing and scan iteration.
So, those could all be potential new mechanisms.
I actually really like this chafe-resistant one as well.
But I also do like the military grade.
I think this is awesome.
This is really great for us to also put in here.
So, we could just say the military grade,
unbreakable technology is a pretty solid new mechanism
for us to leverage 100%.
So, there we go.
So, there is the new mechanisms,
and then the final one down here is hidden mechanism analysis.
And so, you can use AI for this,
if you've been going through this,
and this is step five, so say step seven.
But here is just answer these to help the AI
identify mechanisms that you might be blind to.
And so, the most important thing here to understand,
sorry, I had to take a quick drink out of my stainless steel
Stanley cup there,
but basically here with the AI analysis,
this will be something that we actually give to the AI,
so the AI can actually do some research for us.
But in the day, what does your product do
that you don't advertise?
Okay, so this really helps you think through,
and now you should know your advertising,
if you have not really advertised yet,
which maybe a lot of you haven't,
then you can just kind of leave this blank.
But for people who have really been pushing this,
this is about trying to figure out like,
okay, what are some angles
that I haven't been advertising, right?
And now just to show you that, Claude,
and for a lot of you guys that like rely too much on AI,
Claude might answer this question,
and it's gonna say like based on what I know, right,
here's things that you likely don't advertise,
it doesn't know what we're advertising, it has no idea.
I haven't like literally shown him what we're saying.
Okay, but here's something that's kind of cool,
is it just like gave us a bunch of bad ideas anyways,
and so Claude is kind of good for that,
but again, like Claude is giving you answers to,
like it should not, like in reality,
Claude should say, honestly Spencer,
I don't know what you're advertising,
so where do you advertising?
And then I can tell you.
And so he just says here, like in benefits
that you're not promoting,
which is reduces vet bills, saves your back and shoulders,
improves the dog's confidence,
protects your investment, makes training easier,
increases daily exercise, reduces escape related liability,
and builds stronger human dog bond, right?
And so these indirect benefits that are harder to prove,
focus on problems, they might seem like over-promising,
but they're long-term benefits
rather than instant gratification, okay?
And so those are some things that if you want
to drop them down again,
you have to really look at your marketing.
Now for this brand specifically,
I'm not gonna go into that,
but essentially just like, think about like,
what does your product do that you don't advertise, okay?
I'd say one thing that we actually know for a fact,
that we're not advertising is this IT DW military grade.
This is something that we're not advertising.
I know that as a fact, so I'm actually going to put that there because that's a good thing
for me to chat with the team about as we are going through and managing this brand.
So here, what ingredients and components do you include that competitors don't?
So again, here we're getting into some of these unique things that we do, name tags,
basically these new mechanisms right here, right? Again, the front D-ring, some competitors do this,
but that is much. Maybe we get into the same thing here, D-I-T-D-W buckle, right? So what are
ingredients and components? What do you include that competitors don't? And then here, I mean,
if your product worked too well, what would be the problem that customers would complain about?
So it's like dog walks are so boring. The dog never pulls anymore. What else would people
complain? And this is just a fun way to think about things, guys, because this helps get your
creative juices flowing for new ad ideas and trying to think of new mechanisms. So what else?
The dog doesn't, the dog is confused on how I put the harness on.
So fast, the dog is, you know, the dog never has to use, or never
chafes anymore.
If it worked too well, it's like the dog, what else could it
or it's like, you're, you don't get a, you know, a shoulder
workout, you're, you actually have to go and work out
shoulders again, something ridiculous.
But you kind of get the point, I'm actually going to take
this because, because Claude's pretty creative as well.
And again, we're going to give us a Claude and let's just see
what he can come up with and see if he gives us anything fun.
It's too easy to put on.
Like I just said, it's too secure.
Right.
It stops pulling too well.
It's too durable.
Uh, the ID feature, I don't like this.
So I'm going to probably stop a Claude.
Uh, I'm not a fan of the two.
I just want you to think more creatively around what
customers would complain about in general.
So let's see, my dog is addicted to walks now.
You know, my dog, my dog loves walks even more.
That's a good one, right?
My dog somehow likes...
Or for example, this would be a funny one.
It's like, now even I look forward to walks now, right?
And this is what I can also just spark ideation as well.
Now I even get excited for walks.
Or now I get as excited as my dog.
pretty funny concept there.
What else do we have here?
It makes other owners feel bad.
Everyone stops and asks me about it, right?
I can't have a quick walking or every dog honor
wants to know where I get it.
Really good one there as well, right?
Kind of like that third party validation.
My dog becomes a show off.
I can't use walking as an exercise anymore.
There we go, that's the one I kind of talked about.
The name tag creates too much social interaction.
It spoiled my dog.
I have nothing to complain about.
Might go to conversation starters now gone, so kind of some stuff,
put some good stuff as well.
And then here, if someone was explaining
this project to their friend, what would they say?
And this is one that I love to use with AI as well.
Or even if you want, what you guys can do as well,
it's like text their friend and ask their friend and be like,
hey, can you explain this product to me?
And they'd be like, it's a dog harness that
looks like it does XYZ, or have a family member do it as well.
It's kind of a fun way to go through and do it.
You can also use AI as well.
So here's a decent one as well that we can just pop in here.
And it's really important that we read this, obviously.
So my god, you need to get this harness.
So you know, I was complaining about Max blowing me down the street.
Well, I found this harness and it's like a miracle.
First of all, and I might even ask Claude to make this less salesy.
Can we make this less salesy and cheesy and more just focus
like you're telling a friend about it?
And again, this is where it takes some experience
like communicate or communicate with AI and understanding
when it's like being dumb and when it's being good.
So I got it because Jake's old one broke.
The plastic buckle just snapped.
So here we go.
This is casual, right?
So now we can paste this in.
I got it because Jake's old one broke and the plastic buckle
just snapped one day when he lunged after something.
This one has some heavy-duty buckle that's supposed to be
unbreakable or whatever, you know, the thing I actually
like about it is how fast it goes on.
You know how Jake used to hate getting his harness on.
Let me try it back away.
This one clipped on super quick.
So there's less drama.
And it has his name on it, which is kind of nice.
Again, I love this kind of nice, like name school.
I was always worried about losing those little ID tags
that jingle around.
But honestly, the biggest difference is he doesn't pull much
anymore, the leash clips to the front instead of the back.
So when he tries to pull forward, just kind of redirects him.
I love that.
I don't know if it's the harness or if he's just getting older,
but our walks are way less stressful now.
I love this as well because it's like saying like, yeah,
it could be the harness, but maybe not.
It's held up pretty well too.
I think I've had it for like eight months.
No issues so far.
Why is buddy giving you trouble on walks?
Yeah, you might want to try something like this.
I think I got online.
Let me see if I can find the link.
Love it, right?
Super casual, super fun.
Like this is so telling a friend about it, right?
And this is like language that you guys can use as well.
So there you go.
That is the product overview.
We filled this out, lied in action for you guys.
And it's been a while since I've done manual stuff.
And even then I still cheated with Claude.
But it's very, very good to go through and fill this out
and take the time to actually do this.
Because again, like your work works more
and you and I've explained this to you guys lots of times,
but this is the first most important part.
Step one, basics.
What the heck are we selling?
Step two, what does the product do?
Step three, and then obviously dumbing it down
to six grade versions.
Step three, what are the features?
Step four, what do those assumed benefits
what those features do?
Step five, assumed desires.
Again, I know you guys haven't learned fully about desires yet,
but for each benefit, what are those deeper desires?
