All right, we are going to be talking about the desire calendar.
And this is something that I don't think a lot of people have ever seen.
I don't even know if this actually exists, but this is pretty cool.
Because what this actually does is it tells you essentially what desires are
peaking and what people are feeling during the year.
And this is why so many brands struggle.
And, you know, for example, do really, really, really well in December.
And can absolutely crush during December.
And then January comes and it absolutely sucks.
And then, you know, February, they're getting wrecked or, for example, in months
like July and August, they're just getting totally destroyed because they
don't really know what to do.
And so that's why we creds counter.
And this is something that we have started using to be able to just know, hey,
this is based off of literal biology of like what, for example, even the sun
does to people, right? Like during the year, and this is a study that actually
big credit to Alan Sultanik.
I think his name is he did a study on this to see like, okay, people shop and
behave way differently during the summer because they get essentially more
dopamine and compared to the winter when there's less dopamine because we're not
in the sun all day and we're not happy, we craved dopamine.
And so we make a lot of smaller purchases during the winter months.
And obviously, you have to buy gifts and stuff like that.
But during the summer months, we tend to make bigger purchases like going on
vacation or buying new cars.
And so it's very interesting, at least for you to be aware of this.
Um, if you're kind of just starting out, don't let this overcomplicate you.
This is obviously more for those of you that are trying to understand, hey,
maybe you have bad months, how can you break through that?
So I'm not going to really go through each and every single one, but I do just
want to call across a few and also start with, you know, what we're, where
we're at right now and where we're about to go into, I would say, um, because
this is really, really important to understand for Q4.
Um, and then also kind of take a look at, you know, some other months as well
from you guys who maybe have been struggling in July and August and maybe
help you figure out why.
So just know that right now, I mean, it's September.
So what does September look like?
Well, September from a desire standpoint is really about achievement and
structure desires.
Okay.
And so I want you guys to understand, like this is a deep research that we did
through AI.
I put together a very, I don't know as you think it was that crazy, but I put
together a pretty intensive prompt and gave it guidelines and corrected it and
all that kind of stuff.
But just know for this specifically, if we're talking about the month of September,
it's going to show and each, every, each and every single month is structured the
same way.
What the top three desires are based off of the specific season or the month
that we're in.
So this is kind of power rankings, essentially for the period that
we're, that is happening.
And then from here, we kind of talk about some of the core desires that people
actually have.
So structure and routine, learning and growing.
So you can start to basically optimize your ads towards those kind of core
desires that people just have during this period.
Okay.
And so the opportunity here, and you'll see this kind of on each one and some
of them are more optimized than others.
But essentially we want to lead with control in September, again, take charge
of your fall routine and then layer in some status.
So be the parent, professional, everyone, and buyers due to, you know,
September is $127 billion spending that people, you know, people spend that
much in September that proves people will pay premium for structure and success
during this secondary kind of fresh start period.
And again, this is based off of data down here, which I've made a little bit
smaller, but this is kind of the data for a nerd section.
But back to school shoppers.
Okay.
So every, all the kids are going back to school, summer's over, right?
Back to college spending, right?
So 88 billion with 43% saying they need more new items.
Okay.
Coffee and tea sellers have increased sales because temperatures start to cool.
And again, people go very much back into routine because they were just, you
know, side questing and doing whatever people do in the summer, you know,
spending time with their family, being outside and living the life, right?
And now it's back to school.
We got to get back.
We got to get back on our routines.
We got to get the kids back going here.
We've got to get this organized, that optimized kids are going to be at school
for the day.
So now I can potentially get more work done, whatever it may be.
And so just understand that with things that are happening in the world, like
we're talking about things that are not even in your market, just things that
are happening in the world.
Okay.
And so here, one of the biggest desires and biggest things that you can tap into
is going to be control and then status and then belong.
Okay. And you'll see that there's act explanations here as well.
And just so I can be fully clear, this does not mean that you stop going
after all the other desires as well.
This just means that if your performance is kind of shitty, then come to this
and be like, okay, what, what's going on with people?
What is happening?
Right?
And then from there, you can start to test some ads going after these, right?
Oh, you know what?
It seems like one of the strongest core desires right now is structure and routine.
What did I just say, right?
Reestablishing school, your rhythms, getting the kids back and all that kind
of stuff, right?
Having power over the environment, this control thing, right?
September is the new January, fresh start effect with structure and routine
and reestablishment.
So again, what we can try in our messaging here is messaging that makes
people feel more structured, right?
A part of your routine.
I would be hammering routine messaging because that's what people are looking
for, right?
Restart your routine or it's like, you know, the back to school kind of routine
or, you know, when, when the kids are gone, you know, you now have
time to focus on this, right?
Whatever that may be, um, try to get into that, right?
People were kind of out of their routine going here and there and
traveling and outside and all that kind of stuff.
Now they're coming back to routine, but again, also understand how that makes
people feel people might not want to go back to the routine, right?
They want to stay in summer and they want to stay, you know, enjoying.
life. And that's what happens actually a lot of times near the end of August, people are just not
really excited about going back to, you know, back to the routine. Okay. And on top of that,
as I just mentioned, a lot of people spend a lot of money during the summer, right? They're doing
like trips. They're doing, you know, flights or, you know, vacations over here. And, you know,
next thing you know, late August, right, or late September, you know, dad puts his glasses on,
and he, you know, jumps on and he's typing with one finger like this. And he's looking at, you know,
his bank statements, he's like, Oh, shit, we spent $10,000 last month, like, how am I going to pay
my mortgage? Right? Hey, honey, you got to stop shopping here. And hey, you, I can't, you know,
you don't get an allowance this month. And so all of a sudden, right, spending tightens up.
And I get DMS and DMs and DMs. And it's like, Spencer, what's gone on my performance? Why
was my performance? So August is taint, blah, blah, blah, blah. That's what's happening. Okay.
That's just real life. Okay. You have to understand that not everybody's making, you know, 50k a month.
All right. People have money problems, right? And so when you're spending these big expenses,
it's so fun for these people to go on these big trips. And you know what, honey, it's summer time,
like summer makes people feel happy. You know what? Buy the bike, get everybody ice cream. You
know what? Ice cream is on me, right? And then they go back and they get their statements out
in August and in early September. And like I said, spending starts tying up, not for everyone,
but just be aware of that. Okay. And so when we're getting into September, just understand,
people are getting back to their structure, back to the routine. Okay. Learning and growing,
right? Again, a lot of people just spent a ton of money and you have to understand that back to
school, like back to school spending doesn't really start in September. If we take a look at
July and August, you can see here based off of the data that 67% of back to school shoppers
start purchasing by early July. Okay. And so if you're running back to school September 1st,
like you you missed it bro. They're already in school. You know what I mean? I mean,
are some people still doing back to school shopping? Sure. But just trying to help you guys
understand that like having this information is crucial. 67% of people are doing back to school
shopping in July, right? So if July comes and you're ahead of the curve, it's like, hey,
back to school is coming. Some people might not want to see that messaging, but there might be
people that are, you know, the prepared kind of moms, moms that like to be ahead, right? Families
that, you know, like to, and they're in the spending phase as well. Like, ah, you know what, you know,
we're on our trips. Like, let's keep spending money, right? And so you can leverage that,
right? You can use that to your advantage. Okay. And so I know we're going all over the place,
but bringing things back, you need to understand what is happening in the market. And then you
need to understand what people are looking for. So structure and routine. Okay. And also, again,
look at the inverse of this as well. So it's like, okay, well, people are looking for more
structure looking for routine, but if they're looking for more structure and also looking for
more routine, that might not be something that people want to do. So it's like even trying messaging
where it's like, you know, back to this or it's like, although, you know, it's like, we missed
summer to sort of thing, like you could try messaging like that. But again, this is all based off of
the desires that people have. Next one here is learning growth, right? Education, skill building,
productivity focus, right? This is a great opportunity for people to talk about like, hey,
like now's the time to get back in. And you know, invest in yourself sort of thing, right? That's
messaging that if I'm someone involved, I probably should be doing this. Like, hey, now's the time
to get ready. You're getting back into routine. You were just side questing the last two months.
But now it's time to lock in for Q4. That would be a great ad for evolve. Okay, for your brand
specifically, again, depending on what you sell, maybe an opportunity for you to leverage that as
well. Fresh start again, September is the new January mentality, right? So control, having power
over what happens, right? Like, take back the year or like, you know, get the year back on track,
whatever it is, you know, be careful with that messaging. But just be aware of these desires.
And then for example, parental success, ensuring children are prepared and successful, right?
Being seen as a good person. And so this is another thing as well, where it's like,
prepare them for success, you know, send them on their way. You know, a lot of moms are very
emotional right now because now maybe they're empty nesting because their kid is now going to
college, right? The kid is gone. And so there may be more emotional, right? It's like, now it's
time for you, right? If you sell to maybe a 40 to 55 range, you know, woman, like maybe their kid
just went to college sort of thing, right? Understand that. And so again, understand these desires,
helps you understand how people feel. And when you understand how people feel, it helps you market
to them better because you're able to like, Hey, I understand what you're going through. I understand
you, right? Best marketing shows that you understand people. Now getting into October, again, status,
belonging control, Halloween costumes, 3.8 billion, you know, spent on costumes, right? So essentially,
this gives you the opportunity, even if you don't sell costumes, right, to just kind of help people
be like there's parties going on. So there's an opportunity for you to like kind of for people
that want to really show out, right? Be a part of what they're doing. Maybe you sell jewelry,
maybe you sell health, you can also position it on that way as well. It's like look good
for this specific event sort of thing, right? Belonging to control again, identity expression
is huge there. Social belongings are participating in parties and traditions, what I just mentioned,
seasonal transformation. So again, like home and yard decorating starts, it's a really, really big
thing as well. And then controlled here, so safe scares and controlled excitement. This is comfort,
right? So again, Halloween has become essentially a whole season. So you can start this messaging
in kind of late September, but all of October, you can kind of leverage this stuff. Okay, so again,
the data, Halloween spending reached 12.2 billion in 2023, 77% of purchase decorations,
3.8 billion, 69% of people buy costumes and 47% of people started shopping before October.
Halloween decorations spending an increase by 42% from 2019 to 2024. This is obviously like if
you for some reason saw Halloween decorations, which is probably nobody, maybe that's helpful,
but again, it just helps you show that again. All right, why aren't people spending money on
my stuff? Why aren't they buying my things? Well, it's like, well, money is going to other things,
right? It's not a small amount, 12.2 billion people are spending on Halloween stuff, okay?
But if you can leverage that identity expression, that idea of social belonging, right,
making the home look good, right, maybe being presentable, right,
That's what we're trying to go after in October.
November, gratitude and preparation desire.
So again, top three priorities,
belonging, comfort, control.
Again, family, huge thing here, right?
The family's getting together.
Everybody wants to look their best for their family, right?
Or look like they're on top of their things, right?
So potentially some status there as well,
but also just bringing things that bring the family closer together.
Value and savings, obviously Black Friday,
deal hunting starts in November,
as you guys should have seen in the Q4 call
for those of you involved.
Obviously, we talked a lot about the values and savings
and the things that people are looking for during Black Friday.
They deal hunting, gifting preparation.
People are building their gifting list for Black Friday.
So getting in front of people, gratitude, expression, right?
You could even on this, like run ads where it's like,
you're going to want to add this to your list sort of thing, right?
Again, not saying that would recommend that as a specific ad,
but it's, you know, trying to get out in front of colder audiences too.
And then gratitude, expression, right?
So give me the angst, counting, blessings, all that kind of stuff, okay?
And then here, December is all about connection and celebration.
Right? Kind of year-end.
Wow, look how far we've came.
Again, peak emotional spending, period $240 billion, right?
Basically spending money on other people.
This is huge gifting season, okay?
We obviously know that with Black Friday and December.
Some of these things are obvious for you guys as well.
But if we go into some other months here as well,
January, control, health status, right?
Fresh start effect, winter's harshest month, trigger,
ancestral, you know, conservation instincts.
So driving 35 to 40% increase in health spending, right?
Vitamin supplements, prevention and care.
So those of you that are supplement brands are in the health niche,
like January should be one of your biggest months.
So don't take your foot off the pedal in December.
So physical transformation, organization control, financial discipline,
a lot of people obviously spend a ton of money in December and November.
So if you, you know, are selling the things that people are actually looking for,
which is their health and to take control of their life
and take control of this new year, fresh start sort of thing,
obviously gives people, you know, more of an incentive to shop with you.
February is all about, you know, Valentine's Day and belonging, right?
Anytime you can help someone, you know, try to facilitate romantic connection,
right? And again, February, this kind of starts earlier, right?
So 56% of consumers plan to celebrate Valentine's Day,
with average of $188 per person, super interesting data.
Valentine's Day spending reached a record of $27.5 billion in 2025 up from $25.8 billion.
And that doesn't actually make sense.
Valentine's Day's reached a record of $27.5.
I believe, yeah, $25.8.
I read those numbers backwards.
So it was up $2 billion last year or this year.
And 32% planned to purchase gifts for friends, right?
Highest in survey history, 19% for coworkers, also a record.
So Valentine's Day is a huge event, okay?
So again, if you don't sell something romantic,
you can also go into other forms of self appreciation or, you know,
Valentine's Day is a big thing, you know, selling to your friends.
And again, this can start mid January as well, right?
Valentine's Day is on the 14th and you have to understand people are buying things
a month ahead of time usually because things have to ship.
They've got to get here if they got to make sure that they're good, right?
So people don't buy gifts on Valentine's Day.
They buy gifts for Valentine's Day.
So keep that in mind as well.
March and April, action renewal desires.
I'm going to skip over this one.
May, you know, appreciation and memorial, June achievement and paternal.
So you guys can read through some of these.
Hopefully this video gives you an understanding of the desire calendar
and how it essentially works.
This is something that I am very, very, very excited about for us
to actually like really put into effect for the remaining months.
Because again, in September, us being aware of what's going on,
you better believe we're going to be talking more about control and status
messaging during this period.
You better believe we're going to be talking about structures and routines
and growth opportunities and fresh starts and being a great parent.
These are the things that we're going to be doing.
You know, the drama starts to pick up at the schools, right?
So all of that kind of stuff.
You guys understand what is happening to the people in real life
that allows you to work into them better.
So that is the desire calendar.
Use it if you wish.
I'm sure this will make a lot of people a lot of money.
If you want to validate some of these sources, you can check this out as well.
But pretty cool calendar.
Again, does this mean that?
in September, if you create an ad that says, like, you know, back to school sale, you know, buy my,
I don't know, buy my water bottles, like, does that mean you're going to cook? No, it doesn't.
But it just means be aware of where the desires are shifting. Okay. So hopefully that makes sense.
Hopefully you guys can leverage this in your ads. And
