All right. In this video, we are going to go desire hunting.
And what that essentially means is that we are going to scour the internet
to find what the hell people want. Very simple.
What problems they have? What is going on out there? Okay.
And this is the number one most important thing.
And if you are someone that has done research before and you've like, Oh,
I already know the desire is not kind of stuff.
I have some stuff in here for prompts specifically that you can run.
That will help you get some even more information.
And to be honest, I am doing this completely blind.
I haven't even checked the deep research prompts that we've used.
And again, I'm sure I had to do all this.
And at the end of the day, I want you to use this process to
obviously jot down any of the research and things that you find.
But more importantly, to have a sole focus of what do people want?
Okay. What are the problems out there?
What are the desires that people have and just go out there and just hunt for
honestly hours.
So I'm probably going to try to do this for about 30 minutes or so and
show you guys some examples and find a couple.
And then we're going to get into the deep research side.
But it's very important that you don't just fully automate this with AI
because the little golden nuggets that you find deep, deep, deep in red threads,
deep, deep in reviews and deep, deep, deep inside of all the other platforms,
YouTube, I'm sure you all have the different ways that you can find desires
is where a lot of the winning ads are found.
Okay. So my screen was frozen, so I had to reset it.
But this is all we're going to have on this sheet.
Okay. There's a sheet here called desire hunting.
And again, there's going to be broken up for you guys.
And inside of here, you're simply going to put the brand or whatever it is
that you're going after, okay, I'm doing this for a college and brand.
And inside of here, we're going to have one single title here.
It's called desires, okay, wants and needs.
And then from there, we're going to add review snippets.
So while we're finding these, and I honestly want to even change it.
I'm just going to call it customer language snippets.
I love putting customer language inside of here so I can know what specific
language they use and it's not restricted to shop line Amazon.
And then here, I'm just going to have bad ideas.
And so the goal of this is we're going to go through, we're going to do some
research and we're going to find what people want, as I mentioned.
But the way that we do that is going to be guided by what we have here.
Okay. And for those of you that obviously are involved, we have the entire market
research section there.
And at the end of the day, the goal of this is just to give anybody can use this
document to find things, Reddit is my favorite place to go, review section is
another great place to go.
And then one of my favorite areas is honesty, YouTube and their comments,
TikTok in their comments and their content as well.
And then I also love going through Amazon and answer the public's, okay.
But I would say TikTok Amazon YouTube and Reddit are my favorite places to go.
Okay.
So I have a college in brand and what I'm going to do, and we're going to get
into the desire of prompts in a second, I promise is we're just going to go to
Google and we're going to say, what does collagen do Reddit?
Whether benefits of collagen or nutrition, this is from six years ago.
This is from nine months ago.
So this one's relatively new.
This one's from one year ago, does collagen actually do anything?
190 plus comments.
Has anyone taken collagen supplements, 210 plus and look at the like thread.
So this is our supplement.
So let's go ahead and take a look at this.
Okay.
I'm in the market for a new protein shake and I stumbled across a collagen
coffee creamer.
Kind of interesting.
Right.
This guy got side grossed does ingesting collagen actually do anything?
Or is it a marketing ploy?
It never goes outside your GI track.
Let's see what people have to say.
It's anecdotal, but I was tired of my skin looking dry, no matter.
My skincare routine, 40-year-old female, that's what 40F means, you get to learn the Reddit
link.
Well, it took about two months, but I started to notice a difference.
My skin looked smoother and less dry.
My hair is growing crazy fast too, and my nails, which I trimmed every three weeks, now get
trimmed once a week.
My assumption is if my hair and nails are growing that fast, my skin is probably turning over
more often.
So it's looking better.
And this has 28 upvotes.
Now, upvotes are really great because, as you see here, this is 34 upvotes.
It's going to tell us what people are liking.
So let's just take a second and take a look at this, okay?
I was tired of my skin looking dry, no matter my skincare routine.
Well, there you go.
Probably something we should jot down, and I'm going to put that in kind of the customer
language snippet, but I was tired of my skin looking dry, no matter my skincare routine.
So the desire here is they want hydrated looking skin.
Cool.
And you could even expand this further if you wanted for people that already run skincare
routine, but that's essentially the desire that someone would want.
All right.
Let's keep going.
Whoopsie.
I'm cheating.
I'm cheating.
I got to go back.
Let me pull this up.
So when I fill this, we're actually good to go.
Beautiful.
Okay.
And so then inside of here, said I started to notice a difference, my skin looks smoother
and less dry.
So smoother, actually.
So smoother is the better word.
So smoother and less dry is actually the word that they use.
So this is a great opportunity to correct myself.
So I said hydrated, right?
That's not the word anybody used.
And you can even check this as well.
You can do command F hydrated and see if you find anything, not a single person said hydrated.
That's where I call wasn't this work.
Why didn't that able?
No one's using the word hydrated.
They want smoother or I want smoother and less dry skin.
Okay.
Beautiful.
Let's keep going.
My hair is growing crazy too fast.
My skin is probably turning over more often.
So this is also really interesting.
I love that they're explaining that my hair is growing crazy fast too and my nails, which
I trimmed every three weeks now get trimmed once a week.
So my assumption is if my hair and nails are growing that fast, my skin is probably turning
over more often.
So this is an assumption.
But what I like about this is this also gives me an insight for different ad ideas, right?
So my hair and nails are growing that fast.
Okay.
So this is interesting because I'm going to jot this down just as a specific thing as
like this is kind of proof and this is a belief that if people see that their skin and nails
are growing fast, that could be really interesting.
So an ad idea I could have is like, if your hair or even this is, I love this idea, right?
From trimming my nails every three weeks to once a week or something like that.
Or, you know, if you're taking collagen and you're not trimming your nails every week,
like you need to see this, right?
And this can be an educational angle where we explain that collagen companies, you know,
have watered down their ingredients for more of a profit, right?
And therefore make collagen less powerful.
So if you're taking collagen.
and you don't notice enhanced nail growth or whatever, then it's likely not working.
And you need some real collagen. Enter our brand. How did I come up with that idea?
That is just a lot of knowledge that I have, tribal knowledge that I have stored in my brain,
but I want you guys to think through this and I'm going to try to help you understand how I wrote
this. So when I saw this, I saw, okay, my hair and nails are going fast. And just by the way,
guys, like we haven't even made it past the first threat here. So you can understand if you actually
took time to go through some of these threads and we're just on Reddit, right? We have a song
people like, I don't know what to research. I don't know what to do. Like, you just need to look
more closely. Okay. So here, this person said that the way that they saw it worked, if I go
back without how do I expand this? Okay. The way that they saw this working was by how much their
nails and hair were growing, right? So if this person has noticed that, right, there's likely
other people who have. Okay. And on top of that, there's also people who likely have it. And so
if since I can't really show collagen working, like it's not like, you know, I take a scoop of
collagen and my nails grow instantly, right? So it's very hard for me to prove to people that
my supplement works by showing them. I can't really show them. But in this instance right here,
this is why like the customers are just, they're the best marketers. But in this instance here,
I'm able to help someone visualize and be relatable by explaining that, okay,
if your nails are growing, so someone who's already taking collagen, or maybe if someone notices that
like they, their nails, if they only cut their nails three times a week, like they might have low,
I don't know if it's quarters all, I'd have to do more research. Like, what does it mean if you,
if you, you know, your nails aren't growing faster, whatever, does that mean that, you know,
your body's not producing a specific hormone that collagen can help with. But the point is,
is I can now show proof that if someone's nails are not working, and again, you need about this,
obviously it's going to be different from a personal person, but you have to understand like in
marketing what we're trying to do here is we're trying to find customer, customer phrases and
things that customers experience to show that we understand them, and then also help them build
believability, right? So for example, we could potentially say collagen's so good, you might be
cutting your nails every day. And notice I said might, right? You need to do it in a way that
is compliant, don't be a piece of shit, that's my number one rule. But the point of this is,
is so now I can help someone see if the product is working, and then on top of that, I can help
someone see that their product doesn't work. So let's compare this to other college, like,
you know, a typical us versus them, other collagen brands, it's like, you know, doesn't work like
low, low quality ingredients, and, you know, like, whatever, whatever, whatever you write
in us versus them. And then ours were like, we're the best, and we have high quality ingredients,
and we're, you know, we were backed by whatever, the FDA, right? Now, let's compare that ad,
which is what everybody does, to an ad that says, if your nails or a video ad that says like,
if your nails are not, if you're not cleaning your nails once a week, your collagen, you're,
you know, your collagen is fake. If someone sees that, and they're like, they think like,
Oh, shit, like, actually, I, yeah, my nails don't actually grow that fast. Like, that's going to open
up an entire market of people who potentially felt like maybe college room wasn't working for them,
even then that might build belief. I'm like, Hey, keep taking your collagen. We're helping
other brands as well. But you think about that, it's like, that is an ad that is relatable,
makes them think like, how often do I cut my nails, right, stops the scroll, and then
helps them see whether or not the product is working and creates, guess what, new hope of like, oh,
well, when I was on collagen before, yeah, my nails were working. So it must have just been bad
collagen. I must, I got to get some better collagen in it, right? And in this instance,
for this brand specifically, they do have an incredible product. So if you have an incredible
product, that's what it's all about. But my digressing here, that is, that is how customer
research is so powerful. Okay. And so we, we didn't even really make it that far. But like,
this is, this is stuff that it's just so good. Like I have to stop to explain it to you guys,
because this is marketing. Okay, this is what it's all about. But thinking about how can I build
belief to someone and show them that my product works anytime you can just physically show. That's
why all these like random products just go viral and sell it like crazy. Like, for example,
You know, I'm trying to think of something that doesn't give it away.
Some of the guys involved who have very visual first products, but you know, even for example,
in our harness product here, right, that way that we did in the other videos,
we can clearly show the product working.
We just show a dog trying to run forward and then the harness spinning it around, right?
We can show that.
Guess what?
To stop the dog from pulling, it spun him around, right?
And so that makes it a lot easier to prove that the product works because you see it
with your own eyes, right? College in can't really show you that it's working like that.
It's not like something like I said, not like someone takes college in and it's like pulling
their nails grow or their skin goes completely clear, right?
I'm sure crazy people are going to do their AI and you're going to get in a lot of trouble
for that. But my point is, is that is how like in, in,
specific nations where you can't balance much belief, it's very important to do that.
Just understand belief is an important thing.
Okay.
So look at this person even said, which brand?
Okay.
I've got mine once a week now and just started eating college in powder.
I'll probably give it two months.
Which product did you get updates?
Do you still take it?
Okay.
So here we go.
So I had joint pain from pullups and knee pains from squats.
Tried using collagen and I don't get any pain anymore.
Try good quality collagen.
That also, that includes also MSM, glue, glucosamine.
I don't even know how to pronounce this.
Whatever that is.
And vitamin C.
For me, it helped best way to find out to try it for yourself.
Okay.
So now this is also something where I'm looking.
Okay.
So what is good quality collagen?
So according to this guy in 34 upvotes, it's important that it has these things, right?
So MSM, glucamine, vitamin C.
These are all ingredients that clearly consumers are educated on.
Okay.
And this person had joint pain from pullups and knee pains from squats.
Okay.
And so what they want is they want.
Okay.
So again, this is another one that they had.
I had joint pain from pullups, knee pain from squats.
I want likely less pain or I don't want, and I don't know why, uh, there we go.
This is, this is a different font.
I want smoother and less dry skin.
I've got to start pasting properly.
And then here, for example, what I'm likely going to put in now is I want to work out or
I want to, you know, you could say pullups, um, you know, I want to work out without joint pain,
right?
So want to work out without joint pain.
Right.
And the deeper desire might be status here.
So a status of this could be, you know, like I want to kind of hit PRs at the gym sort of thing,
right?
Now I would need to go deeper on this specific customer.
But that's, for example, a desire that you can pull from this.
Okay.
So whenever you see an issue, just think of like, okay.
So this person had joint pain from pullups and knee pain from squats.
Why is that a problem?
Right.
Well, it's because they want to work out without joint pain, right?
So, and then from there, it's like, well, why do they want to work out with joint pain?
It's, well, probably because they just want to enjoy the workout and they want to be healthy.
Right.
So another one from this is definitely health.
So health, um, but if someone's getting pain while working out,
it's likely because they're lifting weights.
So status is another potential desire here as well, where I want to hit, uh, you know, PRs,
which just stands for personal records.
So I want to hit where I want to lift big weights or I'm going to lift big weights at the gym.
Okay.
Health angle as well.
We can dive into, but I'll digress.
This is, this is where the older goal is.
Whenever you see really long ones, that's how you know you're dialed in.
So agreed.
I have a bad knee and it's helped a lot.
So there's another thing, right?
So bad knees, right?
So I had joint pain from pullups and knee pain from squats.
So again, bad knees, right?
I use the combo of doctors best now in vital.
And again, there we go.
I just got three competitors that I can go look at because clearly these guys converted something.
So what I might also do is I might go check out doctors best.
I might go try out now.
I don't even know if now is I might just say like now collagen.
Let's just see.
There we go.
Found it, right?
It's like a, I see this in the grocery stores all the time.
And so here I also have seen a big improvement with my hair and skin.
Just don't expect it to work miracles overnight.
Love this, right?
Don't expect it to work miracles overnight.
You might see a little difference in the first month or two,
but it's going to take four to six for it to be more pronounced.
Very interesting.
Okay.
So this is also another belief that we can find.
Okay.
So it's going to take four to six for it to be more pronounced.
Now this is something that we can lean into or this is something that we could say like,
you know, our collagen is more effective.
And if you have studies that show that your collagen actually is more effective and people
are getting results faster, well, enter Norse organics.
That's essentially what they do.
They're number one, selling point is speed.
There's a clean skin in a week, right?
Their skin care is that effective.
He saw results in two weeks, two week acne transformations, right?
Acne gone in four days, right?
Got rid of tried everything, but this did it in days.
Okay.
Eight days, few days, not even a week, right?
That is their main selling point.
So speed is very, very important.
And everybody should know that from ask for most of the offers.
But OP, there have been a number of clinical studies that have confirmed
that collagen does help as you get older.
Probably won't make a difference for young adults.
Very interesting as well.
Okay.
So if you're trying to do specific ads for younger people or trying to sound
collagen to younger people, well, there you go.
Might be a bad elite or like a bad market to go after, just based off of this.
And the only other thing I want to say is like,
don't take what some random person Reddit says is like the almighty truth.
Just add it as an insight for you to test.
That's it, okay?
At the end of the day, collagen supplements are basically a complex set of amino acids
that provide the quantity of type of nutrients your body needs to create collagen for itself, okay?
Like everything else, as we get older, our bodies are not as vicious,
converting the essential amino acids into the types of quantities needed
for collagen production, right?
So this guy is literally an expert in this, right?
So we can leverage some of this even if we want to write more educational scripts of like,
what is collagen?
How does it work, right?
This guy's just kind of more talking about things.
Okay.
So he's more talking about studies, PS topical collagen is the one that is marketing hoopla.
Okay.
Collagen's molecular weight is much too high to be observed through the skin.
So there you go.
Super interesting thing there as well.
What brand do you use?
Do you remember how long you had to wait?
Okay.
Somewhat.
And I totally, I played swash my whole life.
Would have massive pain in my Achilles tendons.
Okay.
So pain in my Achilles tendons by the end of every season,
until I started taking collagen and then since then no pain at all in that area.
I didn't really change anything else.
So I strongly suggest it more suspected work for me.
So Achilles tend like this is, for example, like people don't even know if it's working
because you can't like, can't clearly tell, right?
So that's why it's so hard to sometimes tell.
And you can see how many people are like, which brand?
"What did you take?"
Glycine, okay, it's been proven that collagen, okay cool.
So, I mean, I should keep going on this thread,
but I'm gonna just go to a different one.
So, let's go ahead and jump over to YouTube.
I'm just gonna search it in.
So, my entire recommended isn't docs here.
And let me maybe drag the screen up a little bit
so you guys can see everything clearly as well.
Beautiful, and let's go over to YouTube.
All right, cool.
So, over here, I have just gone into YouTube,
and I have searched up menopause, okay?
Now, why have I done that?
Well, for this college and brand specifically,
they help a lot with women who are menopausal, basically, okay?
And so, what you can do here is you can essentially
take a look at different shorts.
You can watch long-term, or long-term short-form videos,
like look at these videos that are getting tons of views, okay?
Show more, look at this, 816,000, 840,000, right?
57, meh, six sides of menopause, 208,000, okay?
And so, we can get so much information from this,
and we can, a lot of times, find desires, okay?
So, menopause explained clearly, includes HRT,
and I should be able to notice my brand is just too tired,
but this has 174,000 views, guys, okay?
So, let's go ahead.
And before we even watch the video,
which I would highly recommend, watch the video,
I'm not gonna film myself watching a video,
I'm gonna watch some of it,
and let you know if I find anything, okay?
I'm gonna scroll down,
and I'm gonna look at these 98 comments, okay?
I've always taken care of myself,
going to the gym, eating right,
and choosing natural remedies of a big pharma.
Unfortunately, it is almost impossible to exercise
when you're exhausted all the time, though.
Wow, really interesting there, okay?
So, this person is in a state of just like,
they have purely accepted menopause for what it is, right?
And they are just like, yeah, I've done everything,
and it is impossible for me to work out,
look how many likes this have, right?
Like, so many people just feel defeated, right?
I'm doing this hormone,
they make it at a compounding pharmacy,
and it's all natural and very sensitive,
and it was never able to use BC pills
when I'm doing well on this.
If your doc doesn't know, find one who does,
you can choose pellets or whatever that is.
Here we have, I am learning to embrace a sleep schedule.
I hate to admit it because I have to run off a five-hour sleep
for much of my life, but getting good sleep helps.
The fatigue is no joke, but getting better sleep is helping.
So, there you go, better sleep is interesting.
So, three people like that as well.
It's not for the weak or faint of heart,
you can still take meds and hormones
and eat healthy and exercise.
So, again, I used to say, when I was younger,
I can't wait till this is over,
and now I wish I could go back, this is way worse.
Very interesting, right?
And so, you have to understand like where these people are at,
I'm not just gonna jot this down here,
'cause I think it's super fire.
You can just kind of see how these women feel, right?
I've been going through premenopause since I was 43,
I'm now in 48, it's so annoying, my hair is thinning,
I'm moody, I'm emotionally drained,
and sometimes depressed, it's a tough situation, right?
These are all things, okay?
And if you're really struggling to turn these into desires,
what you can do is you can also just go into chat
up with Dean and say, "Hey, chat."
Based off of these comments,
what would be the desire that people actually have?
And for context, here is the definition of desire.
And what you can do is you can go to our doc, we have desires, this is command A for those of you
guys who aren't shortcut nerds, command A, command C, budda boom, go over here.
And this is where I'm going to put in comments, so comments.
And let's drop this in, see what else we got.
Let's see what else we got here.
I've been going through we read that so much better than my one hour lecture.
I'm 45 and premenopausal for nine years.
These last two years have been the worst I hope when I do go into menopause.
I've already dealt with worse symptoms and say, I'll through it.
I don't know who I am anymore.
Wow, very, and I'm on HRT very, very, very powerful.
Like these people are in a lot of pain.
You know what I mean?
Um, going through a 65, I went through it at 48, but did not experience
systems until 58.
My body rages six times a day.
I won out.
I feel like a car when you rip up the engine until I wanted to end brutal.
Let's pace this in and let's just see what what chat code code you can use
Claude, you can use tragic deed doesn't matter what they're actually saying.
So from the commons loss of identity, I don't know who I am anymore.
Emotional struggle, moody physical suffering, hair is thinning, wishing for
relief.
I want out regret nostalgia.
I used to say this, right?
So underlying desire, the, the core mass desire here is to feel like
themselves again, right?
To regain health stability and control over their body and emotions.
If we run, uh, through the permanent forces lens or permanent forces lens.
So houses, rival, so stop symptoms, regain energy, control, not being at
the mercy of hot flashes, mood swings or depression, comfort, belonging.
Okay.
How a chance to desire when you zoom out, desire isn't just fix off
losses or grow hair back.
The deeper want is I want to feel normal again and control my body and
emotionally balanced so I can enjoy the life instead of enduring it.
That's the desire you channel into any product offer or positioning.
Okay.
So this is really like, they want to feel normal again.
Huge desire.
Okay.
Ah, we're cheating again.
Uh, so we're going to go back into our desire hunting and we're going to
pop this here.
So this is probably the most powerful one, right?
I want to feel normal again.
Let's go into I want to be in control of my body.
And we're just, we're just touching the surface guys.
We've got, we've got a lot of work to do, but this is where a lot of the
gold is, is found.
All right, we're on the trenches.
We're, we're deep.
Um, I want to enjoy my life instead of enduring it.
Wow, super, super powerful.
I want to enjoy my life so I've been doing it, okay?
And so now what I'm going to do as well is I'm going to go up.
I'm going to watch this 10 minute video.
Okay.
I'm going to pause this obviously, but I want you guys to understand that also
part of this goal is just become an expert on this.
Like we're about to watch someone talk about this.
And so we need to understand all this stuff, right?
A lot of you guys are like marketing to these women who are, you know,
going through menopause as an example and you're like, why won't they buy my
gadget or like, why won't they buy my freaking supplement?
And it's like, you don't understand them.
You don't even know what they're going through.
Okay.
So I'm going to watch this video.
I'm going to pause if I get some sauce and then we can talk about it, but I'm
going to go ahead and click through.
All right, I'm back.
So I watched the video.
I didn't pause it because there wasn't, I mean, it was just more new information.
Wasn't really getting desires from this.
We might be getting a little bit carried away on just like information.
Okay, but I did learn some, some really, some really good things, right?
So it's like something I didn't know about this.
And this is why it's important for you guys to know.
This is the average duration of this is seven years, seven years.
Like that is, that's crazy, right?
Half lashes and night sweats science.
Let's eat a look at it.
He said science doesn't even know why this happens, right?
So that's something that you can lean into as well.
Okay.
And so also understanding this is very, very important.
But again, if you're really wanting to find strong wants and desires,
you're going to want to look at where your customers are talking.
I do actually want to go back and watch some of those YouTube shorts.
So we're back here.
And for example, we can scroll down to the short section.
And I look at this, you know, 1.9 million views.
So let's go ahead and watch this video.
I don't know if you guys are going to be able to hear it, but let's just watch it.
Because it should be here are 10 Perry menopause tips.
I wish I knew sooner.
I'm Dr. Mary Claire Haver, board certified OBGYN.
Number one, inflammation is the root cause of so many things that are starting
to ALS and anti inflammatory nutrition is the best way to combat it.
Number two, intermittent fasting is incredible at fighting inflammation.
Number three, make sure I'm getting enough magnesium.
Number four, make sure I'm getting enough vitamin D.
Number five, make sure I'm getting enough omega three fatty ass.
All right, cool.
So I know I just went dark over here.
I don't know why.
But like this girl spent some games, got 2 million views.
Now let's check the comments.
We're the comments say, right?
So she wrote everything down sleep hygiene, set boundaries, exercise, self care.
You're welcome.
OK, look at all these replies here.
So thank you.
Thank you, vitamin 500 milligrams.
I believe intermittent fasting caused my morning.
OK, cool.
So for menopause, it sounds like tips for life in general tip.
Do not depend on your physician for everything that you need to know, right?
So very interesting.
People seem to have a belief against doctors in a way, right?
Health care doesn't cover this on.
This is a really interesting one.
So baffling why insurance won't cover health care needs, right?
So, so interesting.
Like this is clearly a very big thing.
So it's like healthcare doesn't, you know, healthcare doesn't.
take care of you. Right? That is this, that's a serious topic. That is an idea that we could
definitely go into as well. And again, I'm just looking for kind of like the juicy things. But
now that said, we've spent about 30 minutes or so doing this, okay, or about 25 minutes and so,
and I actually watched a 10 minute video. So it's been about 30. Okay. And so you can see here,
just from like 30 minutes of this, I'm able to get an idea of like, okay, I know one of the
strongest desires that people have here is like, I want to feel normally in, and I want to take
control of my body. I've got some language snippets here. I've got already two really solid ideas.
Obviously could probably get a lot more just trying to focus on desires specifically. But
let's go ahead and let's AI it. Okay. And so if you guys can see here below, and I would recommend
that you guys should go and do some manual research alongside this, just like I'm doing right now,
because the truth is, is the desire, the the research that you do works more on you than you
work on it. I've said that so many times, but when you do research, now all of a sudden, I know,
right? So maybe the next time, you know, I see some women in her, some woman in her 50s,
and you know, she snaps at me, I'm just gonna be like, I'm sorry. Like, I don't, I don't even want
to know what you're going. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, it just gives you a different
perspective on things. And so it's very, very important to make sure that you guys do this as
well, because you're just, you know, having AI do everything a lot of the time doesn't really help.
But what do we have here? So the main problem here, if you guys click this, it's going to take
you down to this tab. So what you're going to do is you want to copy this, you're going to go
into chat, and you're going to, well, actually, you should fill all this in. So what we need to do
is we need to go here, we need to command a command C, we're going to paste all this in. And this is
where you're going to fill in your information specifically. So the product URL and any angles
that you have. Okay. So if we go back into GPT here, we can see insert product URL, I would go to my
website, I would grab not a landing page, but grab my actual product URL. And then any specific
angles that we're going after. So for this brand specifically, we're going after Metapal is in
postpartum. So those are two specific things that I put in there for the prompts that I actually
ran. And then from there, what you're going to do is you're going to add context. Okay, I would
recommend doing this with a cloud project, but a lot of you guys don't have like the paid version
of stuff. And so what we're going to do is we should show you how to add context. So here,
what you can do is you can actually download this specific file, I believe, if you can't just go
ahead and command a and command C. Okay, but ideally, what we can do here is we can just go and open a
new doc. So let me do that. Cool. So I'm just opening a dummy doc here, and I'm going to go ahead
and paste in what I just copied. So this is how to find if I could spell correctly, how to find
desires guide. Okay. And then I can just go ahead and name this. And I'm going to go ahead and
actually update this in here as well. Okay. And so now what we're going to do is we're just going
to download this just makes it easier. So download Microsoft Word, boom. Okay, we've got that. I've
already done this. So that's why I'm just showing you guys how to do it again. Once we have back
context, you're then going to go into your product overview document that you should have already
done. So you're going to copy this. We're going to go ahead and delete all this, paste it back in.
Now we're going to change the title, boom, product overview document. And again, we're going to
download this one. Microsoft Word, fantastic. And boom, we're going to drop those in. Okay.
And then what you're going to do is you're going to click plus here and you click deep research,
and you're going to hit go. All right, I've already done this. So you know, I don't need to do this.
I mean, I'll send it again just for fun. And you'll see thanks for the detailed prompt,
angle. I didn't even I didn't even add the URL. So I need to do that. But let's just let me just
go ahead and do that super quickly. All right, beautiful. So got the brand, we got the angles in
there and go ahead and pop that in there. Great. I'll do comprehensive comprehensive research.
And ideally, you do this, and then you go and do manual research. You don't go play Fortnite or
Minecraft or whatever the heck people do, you know, go check your out account and, you know,
reset the budget and duplicate assets. You're going to let this cook and then you're going to do
your research. Now, thankfully, I've already done this. And so let's take a look at what is
actually going on here. Okay. And so consumer desires, driving interest in medical college and
Metapause and postpartum. Okay, so overview, right. So now what we're going to do is again,
we're going to have our doc here that has our, you know, desire hunting in here. The AI is just
doing the hunting for us. So consumers are driving interest. Okay, so overview woman in the US,
Metapause and postpartum life stages share several core desires that draw them to college
and supplements like medical. Okay. These desire span from physical needs, so improved
appearance, comfort and health, and emotional needs, confidence and control below we detail each
key desire category ranked for most powerful to lease with real consumer quotes analysis
of underlying motivators, permanent forces or frustrations, an assessment of how widespread
and intense each desire is, and how medical college and can fulfill each needs supporting
evidence is drawn from US women's discussions on Reddit, Amazon reviews forums and expert sources.
So, those of you that don't know.
essentially what Chad is doing here is it's doing exactly what you or like what I just did.
Okay, it's literally just searching on the internet. Now, for those of you that have seen
a tool, I'm not even going to mention it, but there's another tool out there that's just like
it's got a computer screen doing like it's just an AI that's clicking around the internet for you.
Okay, and it's gathering data and storing it and it's doing a pretty good job. So let's take a look
at this one. So regaining healthy body weight and shape. So this is one of the biggest desires
that I guess people have according to the AI. So I want to feel normal again. I want to be in
control of my body. Well, look at that. We already kind of had it, right? So we can drop that there
and we can maybe add a, you know, a plus one for that. But let's take a look. So many women in both
men postpartum stages desperately want to lose excess weight gained to two hormonal changes
and feel in shape again. This is often tied to feeling healthy, attractive, and like myself once
more after body transformation. So consumer sentiment, postpartum mothers frequently describe
frustration and sadness in lingering baby weight. Okay, for example, one new mom confessed,
I gained 50 pounds. I'm at my breaking point. I don't know how I'll ever feel like myself again.
I'm a shell of a human. If I could look in the mirror and see someone even remotely close to
who I was before, maybe I'd be a little bit more patient and happy, right? When I pause the women's
similarly report unexpected weight creep despite no lifestyle changes a common complaint amongst
women and dramatic policies weight gain they haven't changed their diet or lifestyle and yet
weight is slowly creepy. Not right. All really good things. The weight is not the weight gain is
not just aesthetic. One woman noted that physical discomfort, I feel like I'm wearing a weighted
suit every day. It's painful. And at the end of the day, my body and feet ache from carrying so much
excess fat, pretty intense, right? Motivations, the real drive behind weight loss is both health
related permanent focus or permanent force of well being and psychological extra weight can
impede comfort and mobility frustration with physical limitations and harm self image or status.
Post apartment women long to get their body back as a way to regain control and confidence after
pregnancy while menopausal women's to weight management as key to aging well and not letting
themselves go. Very good term there, right? There's also a social element postpartum moms
compare themselves to peers who bounce back and midlife women feel pressure to remain fit to
maintain self esteem and social marital attractiveness. Okay, so dire strength, very widespread urgency,
high urgency and staying power. It's long term losing weight, maintaining shape is recurring
battle, how this satisfies it. So then it kind of adds in the product, which is great. Restoring
hair volume and strength. Okay, we've been through that youthful skin moisture and appearance. Okay,
joint comfort and flexibility. Okay. And then down here, bone strength and resilience,
because we actually just learned about that in the YouTube video that it actually decreases
bone density by like 12% or something like that emotional well being in confidence, right?
Super long here, common complaints, concerns and preferences in researching the concern,
uh, consumer discussions, a few common complaints and preferences emerged regarding college and
products, um, can preempt or address these to better satisfy customers. So taste and format,
many women dislike. So this now we're getting to like the tech kind of problems, right? So
around our product. So again, just because these desires does exist doesn't mean you've cracked
the code. Okay. Congratulations. You've understood someone, but now, you know, you need to figure
out how to actually give it because just because someone wants this doesn't mean they'll believe
it, right? And so it's important that you help them see that you can actually deliver that desire
because people are marketing towards those desires all day long. But what we need to do is we need
to understand how do people currently view our, our mechanism? Okay. So it tastes yucky, right?
Switch to baking it into foods to mask it. Okay. In contrast, others praise brands that have
truly no flavor, okay, or order or odor, uh, this shows a preference for flavorless,
easily dissolving powders. Some women who can't tolerate powder taste opt for capsules or gummies,
our pills can be cumbersome. If too many are required, bought collagen tablets,
say to take six tablets a day, they're huge. That's a no for me. Gummies and liquids are
liked for taste. So convenient, pleasant delivery. Okay. Digestive issues,
double complaint from a subset of users is, uh, side effects on their gastrointestinal.
There we go. Uh, for everybody who knows how much I love English, uh, some report collagen
causes bloating or gas. It makes me fart so badly. I have to leave the room. How do you find
that kind of funny? Um, you know, a side effect of that, like, imagine just running an ad where
it's like collagen that doesn't make you fart. Like people, people will be like, like, no one's
running. I haven't seen that ad, but that would be kind of funny. Um, one of my apostle user admitted
bluntly with others chiming in humorously that even their dogs fled the room. Although I said
it gives me really bad gut issues. And there's a mention that it can cause constipation in some
cases. Uh, this issue may depend on the source. Okay. Additionally, having graduation or gradual
introduction to avoid too much. All this is so much sauce here. Price sensitivity,
uh, came up frequently. A ready user noted costs that's going to add up when adding, uh,
or considering a daily collagen habit. Cool.
three products in one, results in evidence are quite concerned, some have, especially
on skeptic forums.
It's really collagen really works or is it just hype, for example, Redditors pointed
to news that studies say these supplements don't work or that collagen is just protein
that gets broken down and planned is no different than food, while many consumers are swayed
by anecdotes, a segment wants proof, or at least plausible explanations.
Okay, cool.
So strategic recommendations, so now it's giving us a focus on top desires, emotional
connections, addresses, complaints per act, we see there's a lot of stuff here and this
is something that you're going to want to dive deep into and not just like skim it like
I am, I'm just trying to show you guys all of the things that this is giving us, okay,
and then positioning, okay, a holistic solution for the challenges of hormonal transitions.
It's not just collagen, it's your daily ritual to thrive through menopause, postpartum by
acknowledging, you know, the permanent forces, okay, cool and you're very awesome.
So again, I've skimmed through this and the reason why is just to kind of show you the
information that it gives you some of this stuff, it resonates with you great.
If it doesn't, that's fine.
Let's skip over it, what I would definitely be looking at here is just the core desires
that people have.
But honestly, I kind of like Claude better for deep research.
So let's go see what Claude kicked up.
So bottom line up front, woman experience, menopause and postpartum transitions have
five dominant desires that medical collagen is uniquely positioned to address.
So number one, regaining control over appetite and food cravings.
Number two, looking like myself again, amid rapid hormonal changes, three, stopping the
accelerating of visible aging, breaking the stress, weight gain cycle and finding convenience
solutions that actually work without adding complexity to overwhelming lives, right?
I understand these people are very overwhelmed, right?
So research is explaining the research.
And then as I was starting to break down the desires, again, regaining control over appetite
and food cravings, you know, this year, you've been there in the midst of life's transition,
noticing changes in your body that seem out of control.
So this is like just showing the evidence here, permanent force connection, how medical
addresses.
So this specific ingredient ingredient here increases GLP one by 56%, what's directly
restores natural appetite control and satiates, you know, signaling that this is just it's
a lot of language.
So just understand here, as we're kind of walking through this, this is like drinking
out of a fire hose.
What you're looking at here is just to just consume as much as this as you can.
Okay.
This is going to sound weird, but just by consuming this and actually taking a second to go through
this and read this and actually sit down and like just absorb it all, try to digest as
much as you can.
If you go through all of this and you're like, I don't know what to put here, then what I
would do is I would just go through this looking for specific ad ideas.
Okay.
But more importantly, all this information is being stored in your brain.
Okay.
And this is something where you're going to do this like I'm, you know, I might be pretty
burnt out because I've already been doing this for about an hour now and I probably need
a bit of a brain break, but you take a break, okay, take five, 10, 15 minutes, come back
or even better.
If you come back the next day, guess what, you're going to be looking at this completely
differently and you're going to see things that you didn't see.
And so that is a goal of this is research is not just this thing that you do once and
then you're done.
Okay.
Obviously you need to do it before you make ads and the process is like, okay, we're
going to understand our product.
We're going to understand desires and then we're going to go to the rest of the things
down here.
But it's important for you to understand that we also need to constantly do this.
Okay.
Research specifically, always be looking for desires, always checking with the market and
see what's going on.
Okay.
So with this, one of the things that I really like is this is regaining control over appetite
and food cravings.
Okay.
So I want to feel normal again.
Again, I want to be in control, regaining healthy body weight and shape, right?
And then another one here is I want to be in control.
And this is kind of regaining control over appetite and food cravings.
Okay.
So you can see control control control control control.
This is what this consumer wants.
And if we go to desires, right?
Controls down here, but just understand that for this
Member for this avatar for these people specifically game. We actually ignore that what you would you hear there about avatars?
For this one here, okay
We're seeing that control is a big thing. Okay, and again control is having power predict what happens being charged
These people feel like they have zero control over their bodies and to an extent they do okay
I mean or sorry to accept they don't right
Lies women are in a place where like they just literally have no control their body is just doing wherever the hell a body wants
and so
understanding that as well is
Also important because if you go to the market saying take control, right?
Do you know how many times someone dream metaphors has probably heard that like a zillion?
Okay, and so that's why it's important understand markets viscation which we're gonna get to next
But the point is is you want to lay all these out and you want to have an understanding. Okay, what do people really want?
What do they want? Okay, and then from there looking at language snippets already getting some ideas and educating yourself
That is the goal of this okay, and I feel like as a result of doing this video by doing some desire hunting with you
And showing me doing it live. I've realized like this is what people want
They want to feel normal again
They want to be in control of their body and again
We can go level deeper which means we're gaining healthy body weight right or regaining control over their appetite and feed cravings
Right some of them just for college and specifically this is this is more menopause right and you can see like
That's just one angle that we're kind of going deeper. I'm gonna talk about angles and I might actually change my
language on that because I actually gonna have a
description for each concept for
For each word that we use so you guys can understand like okay, what is the desire?
What is a product? What is markets viscation? What is avatar? What is angle?
Okay, and we're gonna get into all this stuff. I promise and just so you guys know like a lot of stuff is already filled out guy, so
It's coming but just know that in this instance here. I'm trying to figure out what do people want what do people need right?
This is more menopausal wants and needs but understand like again
We're going after someone that feels like they have no control over their life, right?
We sell collagen we can sell to other people right we can sell the people that maybe want more skin or again
This is where compared to research is going to come in to see how sophisticated it is to be able to analyze and be like, okay
Wow
Everybody's going after skincare
Everybody over here is going after a menopause like oh look at this collagen helps with hair growth. No one's talking about hair growth
There you go, right new opportunity and we're gonna talk about that. So that is it
I don't want to get too far ahead of myself. That is just our hunting. That's how you can do it manually. That's how you can
