All right, now in this video, we're going to go through one of the most powerful things when it comes to marketing and one of the things that has probably made our clients the most amount of money and continues to make our clients an insane amount of money.
And honestly, that is going to be new mechanisms.
And so I am very, very excited to jump in.
So let's go ahead and jump in.
All right.
So as you can see on screen, what we've done here and thankfully, because of AI, we're going to make this very easy for you guys.
But this is how to find and apply new mechanisms on your product.
OK, and so literally, all you guys will need to do is you will just need to copy this prompt right here.
OK, so you're going to copy this prompt and you're going to go into Claude so we can load up Claude.
And what you're going to do is you're going to paste this prompt right here.
If I don't mess it up into the chat and you're going to add your product name, so whatever your product name is so we can use for an example.
If we go to care pod, we can grab the URL of this product specifically and paste it here underneath the product.
Well, that's not product name.
That's product URL.
And then again, the product name is going to be the care pod one.
And from there, the only other thing that you'll need to do is you will also need to download the dock or the dock here.
So if we go and just go ahead and save this and we go into the markets for scheduling document, we're going to go here.
We're going to click download and we're going to download as a PDF.
And then from there, you're going to drop that in there and you're just going to hit go and that's all you need to do.
OK. And as a result of that, what will happen is you are going to have the AI basically
spot the new mechanisms for you, OK?
And so what's cool is if you know how to use AI, you'll be able to find it.
It'll be able to find new mechanisms for you.
If you know how to prompt it rather, it'll be able to find the new mechanisms for you, which might save you a lot of time.
Just know that even if you want to do this manually, the key point of this is, again, if we go back to what the what the hell are new mechanisms, right?
New mechanisms are basically new technologies that deliver
something that people want in a new way.
OK, it provides new hope, right?
And even if you want to better understand it, you can actually scroll down here to see what I have told the AI.
The new mechanism strategy introduces new processes, technology or delivery systems that makes familiar promises fresh and believable.
When analyzing new mechanisms, consider new delivery methods,
innovative approaches, uncommon ingredients, technologies or mythologies, specific combinations of existing elements and contrarian approaches that challenge conventional wisdom.
And then here, you can see the number one most important thing.
These new mechanisms give people new hope that this product will solve their problem or satisfy or satiate the targeted desire.
OK, and so if you want to learn more about how to do this stuff yourself, just read the prompt.
But essentially, if we go back into my little overview doc here, I want to show you guys just actually, like, how insane this prompt is.
I'm giving you and the fact that this is, I mean, like, I'm not going to lie.
Like, I did this as a test to see how good the AI would be.
And it was literally 100% dead on or I was able, like, 90% dead on with the mechanisms that are literally working in the account.
OK, so.
it's crazy. All right. And I want you to understand that we had worked with this brand for two years
before we actually cracked this new mechanism of staying the steel. That's how bad at marketing
we were. And you guys are basically getting two years of us being idiots and like the lessons
that we learned and then led to us creating an ad that did very, very well for this company.
I can't say how much I can't say what it did. Just know it did well. Okay. And you guys are
getting that for free. And you're actually gonna have an AI that might be able to help you find
that specific mechanism for you. Okay. And so again, if you go ahead and click that prompt,
and before I even show you the windows, because I actually already have the windows pulled up
for care pod where I did the prompt just like how I showed you here. So I actually already
prompted this. Okay. And because I have the cloud, you can see I already did this. I'm not pulling
a secret one here on you guys. I already prompted it. I already went through this. Okay. And I
want you guys to understand that the new mechanism that we had tested. So we tested this new mechanism
back in January. This is actually before I even had the prompt. And the reason why I'm giving you
guys this context is because this prompt that I had just made for you actually was able to
identify the new mechanism that made this brand and was that led to a breakthrough for this brand.
Okay. So that mechanism was stainless steel. And so this led to multiple winners and a lot of
variations of this mechanism specifically. Okay. Attending to the desire of I want to humidify
that is easy to clean. And essentially, this was the new mechanism that took off for us. Okay.
What happens when I asked Claude to do this for me, it did the research and guess what the first
mechanism it gave me. The medical grade staying the steel mechanism. Okay. Most humidifiers use
plastic. Okay. This all stainless steel interior represents a fundamental material shift that most
competitors haven't adopted. Not another plastic metaphor that grows mold in places you can't see,
but the first one built like medical equipment with surgical grade stainless steel that bacteria
simply can't survive on hook wire humidifier might be making you sicker. That's actually a hook
that worked well for us. I did by the way, this is not in a project. This is a random cloth. There's
no project here. Okay. Guys, this prop did this all on its own. Okay. The next one, guess what it
also said? 99.9% sterilization. Well, as a matter of fact, this was actually one of the other
main selling points that we had in almost every single ad for this brand. Okay. So this prompt
literally was able to identify the number one new mechanism that led to a winning ad for this
brand that took us two years. So I'm just trying to help you guys understand like that's why I'm
all geeked out right now and kind of being weird like Spencer Chills. It's not that insane. But for
me, it's insane because I was grinding for two years trying to find a breakthrough for this brand.
And we finally came up with staying the steel. We actually worked with the client. The client was
like, Hey, by the way, like everything around staying the steel, I was like, Oh, no, really.
And then as a result of doing that, we realized the power of new mechanisms, which I'm now sharing
with you. And now this prompt likely will be able to help you find a new mechanism that could
scale. So if this, you know, it's, it's just crazy. Okay. The next one on here for our dog,
friendly co harness brand, I don't want to show the new mechanism yet. But we ran the exact same thing
for this brand specifically. Okay, exact same prompt. Here it is. Okay. And this has new mechanism
analysis for this brand. The first one that it mentioned is one click freedom system. Okay,
it's actually something that our team is not tested. So we are going to test this. But
The second one here was the convertible D-ring system.
The second new mechanism that it suggested.
I'm not making this up, guys.
This was the new mechanism that we just recently tested
that led to a winning ad targeting the desire of,
you know, dogs or people who wanted their dog to stop pulling.
This D-ring mechanism, we had not fully tested this yet.
We had not fully gone through and actually optimize an ad
for this clearly that helped people understand
that this could help gain control of your dog, okay?
By using this mechanism and this AI listed it
as the second best new mechanism for us to test.
Pretty crazy, okay?
And again, I did not give this AI any context.
The reason why you saw an additional PDF up here
is because I accidentally gave it the wrong prompt
and I said forget everything from this conversation
and then we started fresh.
But I want you to understand that this prompt right here
with your product might be able to help you
find a new mechanism that could scale your brand today.
Now execution is important, okay?
Because we did some variations of this
and we're gonna get into that
when it comes to how to make the ads.
So execution is important.
This won't just save your day,
but this will help you see a mechanism, okay?
That can work.
Because when we originally did a test,
I did a video on this where I don't wanna pull it up.
Well, I'm pulling it up, so what?
All right, so here's literally a video
for my YouTube channel.
This was six months ago, guys.
So you guys can see that like this is when we started
going over this, you know,
how to make ads that go through the Cape of day.
If you guys haven't watched this video,
I'd highly recommend watching it.
I'll actually include it in the link down below.
But here you can see the world's first stand
is still humidifier, the first doctor designed humidifier,
the world's cleanest humidifier.
We tested these and staying in the steel
was the one that actually worked, okay?
And this AI, again, just nailed it on the first try, okay?
And so what I'm trying to help you guys understand
is that this specifically, you know,
the process that we went through
to test and make this ad,
if we had this prompt, we would be light yours ahead.
And we're actually now using this prompt
at the agency to continue to find winners.
But I wanted to let you guys know
that these two here, we did not use this prompt for.
We scrambled around, we figured, we tried to figure it out.
And then we finally came across these new mechanisms
and we tested them and we got them to work.
And this AI just nailed it on the first try, okay?
And so that is the power of new mechanisms.
That is how you can find,
and that is how you can apply new mechanisms
from your product or find them on your products
and apply them into your ads to get them,
to essentially create ads that can scale, okay?
So there you go.
That is the new mechanisms module.
These modules are gonna be straight to the point
and like try to be as valuable as possible.
It's gonna be a lot of prompts to help you guys, you know,
basically use them in a way that is effective.
