Right now in this video, we are going to be talking about the third and final piece of the market sophistication document and way to scale through market sophistication, which is going to be new identity.
And this one might not be what you're expecting, but let's go ahead and dive in.
All right, so as you see on screen, the document says how to find new identities and apply them to your ads.
Well, for the sake of this training, actually, maybe you could tell by the time in the video, this is less of a yap session, but 99% of you should only be
focusing on new information and/or, just to keep the capitalization correct, new mechanisms.
Because the truth is building a true brand that is actually driven by a new identity, takes a skill set that I personally haven't even developed yet myself.
Okay, and if I haven't personally developed the skill set, that makes me pretty unqualified to teach it.
And so just to show you guys here, because I want to go back into what I talked about here around liquid death, glossier, peloton, another great example of this is actually comfort as well.
They essentially developed a brand around mental health.
Okay, this identity that if you wear comfort, you support mental health and you feel comfortable and you're kind of aware of the anxiety that exists in the world.
Oh, that kind of stuff.
And so I want you to understand that just to kick things off.
So glossier actually, according to Google, this is just very simple Google research here.
Glossier was not actually Emily Wise, or Wiz or Wise, whatever her name is, she's a savage, clearly.
This was not her first business, okay?
She had a beauty blog, which she launched in 2010, while working at Vogue, okay?
So this girl had a pretty insane track record before she went and built a billion dollar business.
Okay, another guy over here as well, Mike Caesario, who is actually the founder of liquid death, okay?
He literally asked himself what you actually find hilarious.
As he said, what's the dumbest possible idea we could have? Let's sell water, just to prove that he was world class at branding.
But he played a significant role in shaping, you know, or sorry, basically graph design, skateboard, music, all this kind of stuff, play a significant role in shaping his entrepreneurial journey.
But he worked on very massive advertising campaigns previously, okay?
And so before building a billion dollar company, he had years, probably decades of experience, doing advertising campaigns and being a world class marketer.
And same thing with John Foley.
John Foley was not, or sorry, Peloton was not his first venture, okay?
He had already been a CEO of three other company, two other companies, okay?
And so he was also a president of e-commerce at Perns and Noble, which is crazy, all right?
And so, you know, obviously his company is apparently crashing right now.
But at the end of the day, I want you guys to understand that this new identity strategy is like, is very, very powerful.
It actually allows you to sell air.
And for some of you guys, if this is the journey that you want to go down to learn how to do this, I honestly, like, I commend you because it takes a lot of skill to do that.
But I wouldn't recommend like taking your first stab at trying to build a billion dollar brand or trying to build a world class brand.
And even for, you know, Hudson from Comfort, right, he did not start Comfort, Comfort wasn't his first brand.
He actually had another brand before that called Purely White Deluxe, okay?
Where he spent five years learning about this stuff before he was actually able to build the brand that he has today, okay?
And so, again, as I work on developing the skill set and as information becomes more available about how we're building brand and finding and building, you know, communities and identities, right?
And as information becomes more available to me, I will definitely share that with you guys, but I'm not going to be in a place where I can educate you on how to build a billion dollar brand right now, okay?
I can educate you on things that we've done because these are obviously our clients that we've worked for that we've helped by doing this stuff, by finding new information, by finding new mechanisms, but we have not essentially built a brand.
And so, for now, what I want you guys to do is I want you to see new identity strategy, okay? So, this is kind of new identity with a apostrophe here.
I want you guys to, I shouldn't even know that's apostrophe. I don't even know what that's called. It's like a little star symbol.
Gosh, again, did Spencer graduate high school? I don't know. Maybe, maybe you guys will never know.
But for now, my English teachers would be so sad.
New identity strategy for you guys and at your stage in your journey and for 99% of people watching this,
should be the idea of finding an underserved new identity that you can market to.
Also known as developing and winning an avatar, okay? Finding an avatar or finding an identity that you can market to, okay?
And that's exactly what we're going to talk about in step four, which is finally getting down to avatars, okay?
So, I wanted to make this module just so it's like not up in the air and you guys are like, "What's going on?"
Like, "How do we use no identity, Spencer? I got new mechanism. I got new information. What about new identities?"
This is something that again, it just takes a whole different skill set to be able to do this.
And it is something that I'm learning because it's one of the most powerful things because unlike new information or unlike new mechanisms,
new identity essentially allows you to sell things at a premium because you are selling more than the product, which is selling air.
And so we're going to get to that one day. Today is not that day.
But for those of you watching this, I hope this just gives you context of what we have to look forward to with building building to our brands.
If you stay dialed in, you stay locked in on doing what you're doing, and that is what we're going to talk about hopefully in the future in a couple of years.
So, that is new identity. But like I said, I want you guys to switch your focus on this because, again, to deal with market sophistication,
we need new mechanisms, we need new information, and we can also find new avatars because in market sophistication,
if we have essentially...
like the market is way too competitive, way too sophisticated. As you can see here, right?
Customers resist claims and they look for emotional connection and identity and brand experience.
So that's why new identity is a counter to it. But you can also essentially find new identities
by just being more specific about who you are selling to and understanding more about that person.
And so that is our version of new identity strategy rather than building brand new identity
strategy for us. Again, a little star here. I think it's called Asterix. I think that's what it's
called. Congratulations, Spencer. You passed English English. I think it's grade nine English.
Asterix here basically says that, you know, we're focusing on finding and innovating avatars
to market to because that when we show that we understand a person, that can essentially
allow us to, you know, market scale further and technically build a brand. It does still build a
the brand but not in the way that these guys have do it and not in the way
