00:00:00,080 --> 00:07:12,960 [Speaker 0]
... All right, so welcome to your first action item video, and now that you've gone through desire, uh, market awareness, and market sophistication, now what I want you to do is just take these three core, uh, psychology and or basically these three core principles that I like to call them, and start going through your ad account. And if you're not running ads, then that's fine. Um, just look up one of your favorite brands. So there's two things that you can do. You can go to the Facebook Ad Library, and you can look up some of your favorite brands, whoever they are, right? So let's just say, for example, I wanna look at my Avi, who is a, you know, a pretty big brand, pretty, pretty well-known brand in the space. I'm not sure if Avi is... There we go. So you can search up their brand name, uh, inside of the Ad Library, and it looks like they're not running any ads on here, which is weird. So let's find a brand that is. Here's Snow Teeth Whitening, and what you can do, just, just try to practice this. It's gonna be awkward, it's gonna be weird, it's gonna take some time, but just go through this Ad Library, and you can actually go ahead and just basically copy the ad link. So you can actually paste it in a bit of a better window for yourself, so you can actually see the full ad. And what I want you to do is just watch the ad or look at the ad and try to determine what the desire is, what the market sophistication level is, and what the market awareness level is on that ad. This was an exercise that we went through that was very, very powerful. And so, for example, what we like to look at, you can just ignore the, the hook and the hold, and you just basically wanna take a look at the, uh, awareness level and sophistication level. And obviously, if they're your own ads, so if you go into your ad account, you can look at some of your own ads and basically just obviously go in, uh, find the ad that is, that is doing really well, and just preview it, and you can just watch the ad over and over. Um, but the whole goal of this is you just want to get in the flow of trying to better understand the ads that you're making. Okay? Again, it's gonna be awkward, it's gonna be weird, and you might even mess this up a couple of times. But what I would love for you to do is go ahead and fill out a little sheet like this. I'll go ahead and leave a, um, a file to this for you below so you kind of have this template. But definitely keep track of how much you spent on it, what the total conversion value is. If you could save it to your full whiteboard, I definitely would, and then make sure you include the date that you started it, and then just go through and take a look at the ad itself. So what market awareness level is this? Well, we know that this is going to be product aware. Why do I know that's product aware? Because if I go back and I refer to the product market awareness, uh, training, that a product aware ad is one that is essentially showing why my product is better than the other products, right? I'm calling out the benefits and basically showcasing how we have a superior product to the other products that are in the market. Okay, so I'm going after people who are aware of humidifiers. So now what I'm gonna do is obviously create an ad that is product aware and showcase how our client's humidifier is better than others. Now, this ad is absolutely crushing for us because we are in a time of year where people are in the market for humidifiers. So this was strategic timing by my team and I to obviously go in and create an ad that is more product aware because we know so many more people are actually in the market for a humidifier. Now, let's talk about market sophistication. Okay, what market sophistication level is this? Well, when I look at this, there's a few different areas that my, that my brain goes to. Um, but for the most part, I kind of wanna lean towards, uh, market soph- market sophistication level four. So that's when I, I enlarge the mechanism, essentially. Okay, so as you can see here, I'm kind of calling out some of the issues with, uh, traditional humidifiers and the mechanisms that they use. So a cheap plastic tank and constant filter changes, the fact that it's hard to clean and there's mold and bacteria breeding in there. So in this instance, I'm not essentially enlarging the claim. What I'm actually doing here is I'm enlarging the mechanism by showing how our mechanism delivers everything better. Okay? And we're also the world's cleanest humidifier with zero filters required. So we're kind of talking about enlarging the mechanism rather than the claim itself. So this new mechanism, it could also be a stage three, depending on how you look at it, it is a new mechanism. It is a new way to deliver fresh air. Okay? Um, but for the most part, we're enlarging the mechanism and showing how ours is better. So this would either be stage three or stage four. So for the sake of this, we're just gonna kind of call this, uh, a stage, a stage four, as we're kind of enlarging the mechanism. People are obviously very familiar with humidifiers, and, you know, we're just basically saying how our mechanism delivers it better, which is, uh, again, a stage four. But as you can tell, it's still... There's some ads when you're looking at this, you're like, "Is this stage three? Is this stage four?" It's one of those things that it takes time to better understand and to learn. Finally, if we look at the main desire in this ad, what is the main desire that we're calling out? Well, the main desire that we're calling out is clean air. Clean, you know, just the clean experience, right? That is the main desire. We're saying multiple times here that it's the world's cleanest humidifier, and that if you love fresh air but hate cleaning filters, well, here's the Care Pod, right? So the main desire that we're going after in this is the fact that our humidifier is clean, okay? And now that's a little bit more of a deeper desire, but the overarching desire is health, right? We want people to be healthy and breathe in fresh, clean air. But the desire that we're targeting more specifically, that's a little bit more niched, is the fact that this delivers clean air, right? Rather than dirty hair or, you know, or dirty air. And the reason why it delivers dirty air is because it's hard to clean. We're just talking about how, how ours is easy to clean and the fact that it delivers the cleanest air compared to traditional humidifiers because of that reason. So in this instance, I would say the main desire is clean air or just healthier air, right? Fresher air. That is the main desire that we're going after, and these are desires that we have found through research. We noticed in a lot of our, uh, reviews, people talking about how, how much of a lifesaver it is and how easy the Care Pod is to clean. And now a lot of people might think like, "Okay, well, that's the desire, cleaning my humidifier is the desire." Yes and no. The actual... You, you kind of wanna go one level deeper in there and ask kind of a why question. So it's like, okay, I want a humidifier clean, because then I'll know that the air that I'm breathing in is also clean, right? Okay, well, why do you wanna breathe in, uh, you know, clean air? Well, because I just wanna be healthier, right? So you can see we start to go deeper and deeper down, but for the most part, the desire for humidifiers specifically is to have cleaner air. So hopefully, this all makes sense. Hopefully, you guys are understanding this, and this is something that I would highly recommend that you do with all your ads, is try to identify what market awareness level you are in, what sophistication level you are in, and what the main desire of your ads are. And this will help you better understand what desires you can double down on, and if there's a different level of market sophistication that we can go after, or if there's a different level of market awareness that we can go after with these same desires, okay? So if you guys have any questions around this, again, as always, let me know. But definitely would recommend to go and do this on a few of your ads, just to try to practice some of the things that you've just learned.