00:00:00,440 --> 00:19:47,152 [Speaker 0]
... All right, so in this next module, we're gonna be talking about identification, which is one of the most powerful forms of marketing that for all of my fashion brands, my accessory brands, my jewelry brands, this is going to be the module that helps you better understand. 'Cause, for example, if you were going through the desire module and you're like, "Ah, you know, I don't really know if I have, like, a problem solution style ad that I can run, you know, for my, for my black and, and green T-shirt," right? This is where identification marketing is going to come into play. Now, if you are not an accessory or fashion or, um, you know, or a jewelry brand or anything like that, you still need to watch this, because if you can tie desire marketing with identification marketing, basically use identification to amplify the desires, this is where you will start to really surpass all of your competition, because you're, as we're about to get into, painting the picture of who your customer desires to become, okay? So for those of you who don't- have never heard of identification marketing or identity marketing, it's basically gonna dive deeper into the desire of what we as people want to kind of act out. You know, we, we, we want-- we buy things and we do things in certain ways for the way that we want to be seen by the world, okay? So it's basically, as it says there, how we choose to define ourselves to the world as a specific kind of person, okay? So it's not essentially the desire for satisfaction. So for example, if I have a migraine and I just wanna fix my migraine, that is obviously, like I'm just trying to get that desire satisfied. Whereas in most... in, in, in identification marketing, we are essentially trying to market how people want to be recognized and how people want to express themselves, okay? So ident- identity marketing is about showcasing who your product helps your customer become or embrace who, who your customer already is, and identification marketing is essentially how we communicate feelings of customer desires without words, okay? So I'm gonna start this off with a little bit of a fun exercise, just to give you a better idea and help you see in the real world, uh, how we sym- uh, basically symbolize identity. So for example, here is an amazing-looking Rolls-Royce, right? You see this car, and basically, your mind is probably already going to do some, you know, some, some, uh, some guessing here with who, who is going to step out of this car, right? Well, I can almost guarantee you it's probably some, like, you know, if you saw this guy step out of that car, you, you wouldn't be surprised, right? It's like, oh, that's just, you know, that's what this kind of guy or at least this guy, you know, he's got- he's at the yacht club, he's got the nice suit, you know, he's got the glasses going, slick hair, uh, nice watch, probably a Rolex watch, AP, something like that. You know, if he steps out of this car, you would expect that. Whereas if you saw a guy with a scraggly beard who was looking homeless with holes in his shoes, you'd probably be like: What is that guy doing? [chuckles] Why is he in a Rolls-Royce, right? So that's how identification is built, and so Rolls-Royce has done a great job. And again, if they were to film an ad, 'cause let's just try to keep this on ads here, of who would be getting out of a Rolls-Royce, it's probably going to be this guy, right? 'Cause they want people to associate, and they want people to feel a certain way while driving a Rolls-Royce. Whereas, for example, completely other end of the spectrum, we've got a nice-looking minivan here, [chuckles] you know, a little Chrysler here, got the slider door, doors, all that good stuff. They're probably... you know, if they had this guy back here, you know, jumping out of the Chrysler, they'd be like, you know, if you were, you're seeing that as an ad, you'd be like: Maybe, I, I don't know about that. That's not their market, right? So what do they do? Well, they have, you know, for example, Susan over here, the soccer mom, get out of the car, and she has her kids running out, and her kids are so happy, and, you know, she's, she's the best mom ever 'cause, you know, the, the Chrysler's got the, you know, the movie screens there and the whole soccer teams, right? So you're starting to better understand how identification is built and how they're going after specific markets and specific identities, that is, of what people say, "Oh, that is me. I am that person," in order to, you know, amplify the desire and sell their product better, okay? So some examples of identification here is we all basically have an image of ourselves, okay? We all have, it's basically called our ego. We all have this idea and this sense of who we are, right? This is called our self-image, right? We don't just buy objects; we buy roles. So for example, I don't just take my... for example, if you're going on a date, I wouldn't just take my girlfriend to McDonald's 'cause I don't want her to associate. If you've done that, I mean, that's, that's awesome. Good for you, but we still go to McDonald's all the time. We love McDonald's. Anyway, back to the point. If I take my girlfriend or if I, you take a girl to McDonald's for your first date, you're kind of associating this self-image of yourself. Whereas if you take them to a very nice steakhouse restaurant, you're kind of playing this role. That's why if you've probably heard that before, you're, you're playing the role. [chuckles] A lot of people probably can't afford to go to that nice steakhouse, but they, they wanna play the role, okay? So again, you don't just buy objects; we buy roles. And so your ability to identify with who your potential customer is and leverage that in your marketing unspokenly will ultimately determine your success with identification marketing, okay? So the key word here is unspokenly, and we're gonna dive a little bit deeper into that. But just to give you some examples here, you know, a woman buys a low-calorie food to become, you know, thinner. She wants to lose weight, but in so doing, she also... and again, this is, this is very, this is from like an, an older example, so this does not mean if you're skinny, you're more attractive. It's just, it's just an example of what a lot of women try to do, right? So they, they think they're gonna become more attractive or more youthful, and they won't even have to say it, right? Again, unspokenly. They're, they're doing these things. They're not just buying low-calorie food because they want to. They're doing it to project an image, right? That self-image that they want people to see of like, "Oh, she's a healthy, healthy-looking woman." Same thing on, on, on, on the side for men, right? Men's buy-- Men buy powerful, you know, fast, you know, great, great-looking sports cars obviously for transportation. But, you know, uh, one of the examples that I love is like, you know, they, they buy this amazing sports car, and then they only drive, you know, forty, fifty [chuckles] in the city anyways, right? Or thirty if, if you're from America, thirty miles per hour, whatever it is, in the city anyhow. So it's like you're not even really driving that fast in the car, but you buy it because it's a symbol of, you know, prestige and success and wealth that is communicated without words. And there's all different types of this as well. There's also certain people that maybe they don't want to, like, showcase wealth. So you get a lot of this goes to, like, prestige and wealth 'cause that's where a lot of brands wanna be associated with, is, like, this premium feel. But for example, there's people that just buy, you know, here, here's an example of a shirt and-... you know, it's a nice looking shirt, but little do we know that this is actually an eight hundred and sixty dollar shirt, okay? And so it also goes on that end of the spectrum, where it's not always about kind of like flexing and having the Lamborghinis and stuff like that, but there's also specific avatars where you can identify with people like this, where, you know, you just sell a product, it's nice, it's low-key, but it's very high quality and it's very premium, and that's the kind of identity that some people want to have, okay? So it doesn't always need to be flashy and this and that. There's also all different types of identities that you can resonate with. Now, for example, to bring this into content, these are techniques that are used by some of your favorite brands. For example, this guy is probably one of the most famous, like, actors when it comes to, you know, marketing. He was, uh, and, and continues to be a part of the Dr. Squatch campaign, where you see this guy and he just, he basically embodies this idea of being a man. And what I want you to pay attention to is the environment. He's in nature. Why is he in nature? Because that is a big, um, a big part of Dr. Squatch, about how they use all-natural ingredients. He's, like, holding a pine cone. He's holding, you know, a pine tree. He's got the soap bar there, and he just kind of-- if you've watched-- if you've never seen Dr. Squatch ads, just right, right after let's go to YouTube, type in Dr. Squatch. He just creates this identity of who the type of man is that uses Dr. Squatch. And then, on the other side, just the side of Facebook ads, you can-- it doesn't also have to be symbolizing who I become from purchasing the product, but it can also symbolize the type of people that you attract, the type of people that you are around. It can also symbolize also exterior, and for example, Dr. Squatch has this ad that has been running for over three years. And Dr. Squatch probably spends mill-- and I know for a fact they spend millions of dollars a month, um, on ads, and this ad has been running for over three years. And what is it? It's, you know, a young girl in, of course, a bikini, 'cause that's gonna get the hook right up, um, that is saying, "I want to f- I want to go find a man that smells this good." So what they've done is they've now built a bridge of their, their product being the bridge of, "Here you are right here, and here's where you could get to, and here's the, you know, basically the, the woman that you could attract, and the only..." You know, not the only way, but, you know, one of the ways to get there is to smell good. And how are you going to smell good? You use Dr. Squatch. So it's very, very-- I mean, this is, this is pretty, pretty tactical by Dr. Squatch, and they're really tapping into, you know, some more, I would say, taboo advertising, more like sexually orientated, but we don't need to go down that road. We'll talk about that another day. Um, you can see, for example, this is how they're using identification marketing in their content. I'll give you another example. This is one used by our brand. So here's one of our clients. We love him. His name's Dustin, he's an absolute legend, and he was specific-- I mean, to be honest, he wasn't really managing it and posting at the time, but he was managing the TikTok account for their brand. And as you can see, I want you to pay attention to everything that's going on. He, he kind of looks like, you know, a little bit of an outdoors guy, but, he, you know, he's in, like, this, this storage room and, you know, there's not really anything kind of, like, going around. He's just, you know, kinda looks like another dude just wearing a T-shirt with some long hair, right? And you can see... I mean, I mean, he looks great. I mean, come on, look at the guy. But, uh, you can see here that their TikTok profile just, just wasn't really growing, okay? W- it wasn't really growing. Whereas if we look at this guy over here, this is JJ, and he's in, you know, he's in the woods, he's got the gloves on, he's got the hat, he's got the full kind of necklace chain, big jacket. You know, the trap of your life is a little, a little head title on there. And as you can see, he has continued to deliver incredible content, and he's, you know, basically almost, almost ten X. Well, actually, more than ten X, he's like twenty... I don't even know, a, a lot. He's gone from three hundred followers to fifteen thousand followers, uh, hundreds of thousands of likes, videos with millions of views. And how, how has he done this? Well, he just is more of the person that we're trying to sell to, right? He understands the language that our, our, our customer is, is speaking. He understands the environment that our customers want to be in. He understands what our customers want to see, and he's basically able to embody this identity of who we're trying to sell to, which makes him such a great content creator for us, and this is something that, again, in content, plays a massive role. I'm gonna give you a couple more examples here, and then we'll, then we'll wrap this up. But this is also how sometimes you can go down the wrong road with identification and marketing as well, and you can also correct course. But I just want to give you this example here. This is from the nineteen fifties, so again, these are, again, older examples, so they're probably not really appropriate in today. But for example, Nescafe discovered, um, basically early in the launch of its first instant coffee in the fifties, right? Um, more, more traditional time. Uh, the product was initially positioned as a time saver, and no longer would you have to spend ten minutes brewing a pot of coffee, and it didn't actually catch on, okay? The reason why is it turned out that saving time and effort this way clashed with the identity of most women, who during that decade felt really pressured to be, you know, the perfect homemaker for, for hardworking husbands. And it's like they have to do everything super fast and super... You know, so it just, it didn't resonate with them, right? It was just like, they were almost like d- diving deeper and, like, pushing, you know, like a knife into it, and they were just like, you know, women just didn't really want to feel that way. So the company changed its approach, right? And instead of claiming that the new product would reduce the time it took to make your husband coffee, the ad suggests that it would help you serve him better, right? And leave you extra time to basically kind of do more and do other things, right? And be, and be a, you know, a better wife or whatever it was. That was the angle that they decided to go down. And that, you know, again, as it says, dated and, and offensive as it sounds today, reframing that was so effective, it tripled their sales, okay? And basically helped them sell this product ten folders. It says twelvefold by, by the mid-nineteen seventies, okay? And so all that they did in this is they changed the identity of what the prod- you know, the, of... They changed the association of the product with the identity and basically who it helps you become. So that's another example, but I'm gonna give you a very, very simple example as well of just myself, okay? That's very deep, but this is how identification got me to spend over thirty thousand dollars. Um, identity, agency owner. That's me, okay? [chuckles] I need to get my photo updated, I know. I look like a child. I have a child in that photo. Uh, but basically, in this scenario, I have the, I, I have the identity of an agency owner, okay?... I see myself as an agency owner, and that is who I am. I identify as that, okay? That is just in me, right? And I saw, you know, I was basically following, uh, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie Malouf is, is a great guy, and Ashton Shanks, they, uh, hosted an event called Agency Founders, and I kept seeing this, and I kept thinking about it, and I was humming and hawing. And, you know, basically this called out as an event for agency owners, and it says, "This is the agency event of the year, and, you know, just if you're miss-- if you miss out on this, like, this is, like, you're missing out on everything. You need to be there," right? And so me, a-as, as an agency owner, I was identifying with this, and I really, I just, I, I was like, "I, I need to... I associate myself with this, so it's like I have to go." So what I did, I spent the money to attend the event, and then while I was at the event, um, Eddie actually did a speech. Again, he's the founder of, uh, of AF, and what he actually then did is he then trans- basically transferred it to my dream identity, okay? So this was my current identity here of like, "Hey, if you're an agency owner, you need to attend this event." And then at the event, he built out this dream identity of who you could become by joining an elite mastermind for the top one percent of agency owners, which is actually an identity that I want to be seen as, right? So that is something where I act- he actually took it a step further and kind of built this bridge of like, "Hey, here's how you can get to your dream identity of what you want to be seen." And that's how I ended up spending, [chuckles] um, a lot more money, uh, a- again, in total, around thirty thousand dollars, uh, in order to join this mastermind. So that is how identification marketing works, is when you really tap in and build into the identity that people have and then also associate it with the identity of what people want to be, that is how you can really move mountains, for lack of better words, and influence people to come and purchase your product. Now, building identification. I wanna just run through, uh, one last example, and then we'll wrap this up with how you can actually find identification, but this is called painting the perfect picture. So we have a client over at Carepod, and this is a humidifier that they sell, and the thing is, is, you know, if we were just to advertise this humidifier as, you know, whatever, just a humi- humidifier, it's not as powerful as if we start building identification. Okay, so what do we do? We then associate this with a doctor, okay? So they actually had a doctor that created this product, and now we're, you know, we automatically have a lot of credibility with this product because it was invented by a doctor who is focused on health and making people obviously, you know, be safe, right? And then what do we do? Well, we then associate that with this luxurious kind of style of home, right? It's a very, you know, modern home for the people that, you know, are very serious about their health and want to be living in a healthy, uh, environment, and we obviously then took photos and, and did shoots in this kind of environment. And then we associated that with a loving, happy family, with, you know, with, with children who, you know, family and moms and parents, childrens for mo- for the most part, are, are their lives, and so they wanna do anything to make sure that they're, they're safe and make sure that they're healthy. And so by, as you can see, painting this picture of the fact that it's, you know, endorsed by and created by a doctor for kind of the modern family that wants to be healthy, we were able to project this image of what Carepod actually represents so that when someone purchases it, they automatically have this expression of, you know, "I'm a loving, caring parent that is healthy and, you know, is, is successful," or whatever. You know, just you, you start to get the image, and I start to build that identity of... I-in reality, this is just a humidifier that, that delivers cleaner air, and really, the main selling point is that it's easy to clean. But because of everything that we've built around it and the way that we've shot the images and the way that we've done the videos and the people that we've, we've brought on to film the content, it's built this identity of what Carepod really represents and the role that it gives to the customer, okay? So how to find identification. You can see I've got- I got the man, the legend, uh, Bob Ross, over there. This is how we paint the perfect picture, okay? You need to ask yourself, right, "What is the role your product offers to your prospect?" Okay, what is that role? And don't try to stretch it either, okay? So, for example, there was actually a campaign that was run by a de- a deodorant company, and they, uh, tried to associate it with, like, you know, these, these billionaires, right? Like, imagine if you're trying to sell deodorant to, you know, basically the, the general public, and you've got Elon Musk and [chuckles] Jeff Bezos saying, "Oh, this is the only deodorant I use." It's, it's, it- it's too much of a stretch, right? It's like, for example, if we have the minivan mom, you know, if we had the minivan and that guy who drives a Rolls-Royce guy in the minivan, it's too much of a stress, and people can't... Uh, stretch, and people can't really identify with it. So make sure that you actually take a second to dive deep and look at what is the role your product currently offers to p- to your prospects, and what is the role that you want it to offer, okay? And try to, try to get that at the same level, and then from there, you need to ask yourself, "How do I associate and turn my product essentially into an instrument for my customers to use in order to achieve that role?" Okay, so we're really trying to build identity on our product. So some actions that you can take is research, just tons of research, and we'll get a little bit deeper into that in the research module. Um, but you're gonna basically ask yourself these four questions. You know, where does my idental- ideal customer wanna be, okay? What's the environment? What... W-when we're, when we're shooting content, when we're taking photos, what's the environment that we should be shooting in, okay? The visual component. Where does, or what does my ideal customer want to look like, right? Who should be in the ad, right? Should we have Bob Ross in the ad, or should we have Rolls-Royce, Ro- Rolls-Royce guy in the ad, right? We need to really think about that, okay. What does my ideal customer want to feel, okay? What's the story of the ad, okay? Is it, is there need to be... For example, if we go back to some of those Rolex commercials, is it nostalgia? Is it achievement? Is it success? What is the story of the ad? What do we want people to feel? Okay, and then finally, I know my video is kind of in the way here, but what self-image do my customers want to portray? So what is that self-image? What is that expression, okay? What is that role, okay? So if you ask yourself those questions, you'll start to better understand what you need to do in regards to filming your content and, and getting ads that can really build identification and help people identify with your product and associate the role of who they wanna become. So again, uh, if you wanna learn more about identification, there's actually two resources here. So one is this Harvard Business review. Um, it's actually a great, great, great, great, it's actually where the Nescafe, um, story comes from. A great article on just how we're social creatures, and we just wanna be admired. We wanna be valued. And so it talks a bit more about identification on a deeper level and then, of course, Breakthrough Advertising, as I recommend at the end of every module. If you haven't got the book yet, hopefully, I'm starting to convince you more and more, but this is again, uh, a very, very powerful, powerful way to learn more about it. And TLDR, uh, again, if you made it all the way to the end, obviously you don't really need it, but identification marketing is painting the picture of who your customer desires to be seen or known as, okay? Uh, so if you have any questions about identification, again, just make sure you ask. Um, but, uh, I would honestly, honestly encourage you to go back through, watch this, you know, maybe a week from now, two weeks from now, and just continue to get used to this and continue to familiarize with identification marketing. This is a very, very powerful way to, uh, create winning ads and, and build, you know, really a brand as well, okay, of, of what people represent or what people see you as and, and, uh, helping your customers, uh, represent themselves. Okay, so if you have any questions, again, let me know, but hopefully that all makes sense.