00:00:00,340 --> 00:17:43,508 [Speaker 0]
... All right, so in this next module here, we're gonna be talking about belief, which is one of the things that I find just so fascinating in the world. And when I-- again, when I first learned about this, it just made a lot of things start to make sense. And alongside desire and, uh, identification, uh, belief is kind of the third component there, if you wanna think of them as kind of like the trio that basically drives all of your results, and that basically what all of your ads and marketing needs to, um, showcase, uh, belief is that third and final piece. Okay, so what we're gonna talk about today is basically what belief means and show you a ton of examples, how we've actually applied it to clients, and hopefully, by the end of this, help you better understand how you can, uh, instill belief in your customers, as this could be one of the main reasons why they're actually not purchasing with you and why you're struggling to grow your sales or why you can't take your sales to the next level. So belief is basically the way that your customers see reality, okay? Uh, your customers have a mental picture of the world that they live in, and it's just how they see it, okay? It's kind of cool because it's what makes all of us so different, right? So there's people that see the world in all different types of ways, okay? Uh, I'm not gonna go deep on a tangent about that, but just I'm sure you know, everybody has their own belief system, and sometimes it gets a little bit into the gray area with, uh, with, you know, how those beliefs help form opinions on things. But at the end of the day, we all have a little, little world that we live in, okay? And basically, people believe in certain ways, and these beliefs kind of form this filter through which, you know, information passes through, okay? So your product mes- must go through that person's filter in order to, to pass or, or basically be rejected, okay? And your ad, again, as it says there, must fit within your customer's versions of, of, of what the facts are, okay? Things that they believe. If your product is not aligned with their belief system, your ad will not succeed, okay? So you have to leverage your customer's logic, not your own, uh, to prove that your product works and to prove that people with their belief system rely on your product. So that is something as well that's very, very, very, very important, is that it's super important to show that, hey, there are people with similar beliefs who have, who have thought or, um, again, believe the same thing, that are currently using our product to get your dream outcome and, you know, embrace the identity that you're trying to get, okay? So that is essentially what belief is. And now what I'm gonna do is just run through a few different examples of this, similar to how we ran through the, uh, the identification model, just to explain some of the core lessons that you need to understand in regards to how belief works. So examples, as you can see here, let me just go ahead and, and correct this. Examples of belief. Okay, so here is an example of, um, a belief where... let's just say, you know, you right now have the belief that you were born on Earth, okay? You don't obviously, like, you probably don't remember being born. [chuckles] I don't think anybody remembers being born. You probably don't remember until you were, like, maybe four or five years old, and depending on your memory, who knows? But you just have the belief, and it is a very strong belief, that you were born on Earth, okay? And if, for example, I was a marketer, and I came in and I said, "Hey, actually, by the way, you weren't born on Earth. You were actually born on a planet, and I believe it's called-- got it, but, uh, Kepler-425b. Okay, this Earth- this is the Earth-like place that you were actually born from, and what actually happened is when you were born, you were put into a space shuttle that actually shot you over to Earth, because nobody from this Kepler Earth can survive after the, after the age of, you know, two or three years old. And then that's why your earliest memory is four years old, because they actually..." Okay, you get the, you get the point. [chuckles] I'm basically going-- Y- y- you would be listening to that and be like, "This guy's an absolute nut," right? And even if that was true, even if I actually was like, "Hey, that is, that is the actual truth," and we'll get into some ways to actually prove that, that just is so against your belief system that you would just scroll right past it. You're like, "This is, this is whatever." You just scroll right by it, okay? And that brings me to kind of the first rule of, you know, beliefs, and that's, like, you can't challenge a person's beliefs, okay? If you violate your ideal customer's established beliefs, the ones that they- they're the beliefs that-- I think belief from... I, I believe. [chuckles] I think Hormozy said this, where it's like, you know, we f- we, we question every belief except for the ones that we truly believe. Those we never think to question. If you are questioning beliefs, that's like, you know, I'm- again, I'm born from Earth, it's going to be very, again, it's an extreme example, but it's gonna be very hard for you to basically s- you know, get people to buy in on that, okay? So again, if you violate your ideal customer's established beliefs in the slightest, then nothing you promise them, no matter how appealing, can save your ad, okay? I believe there was actually an ad as well, and we'll, we'll dive deeper into that, and we'll get to that. But just know for that, for this first part, challenging beliefs is the number one mistake that we see a lot of people make. And a lot of times you don't even realize that you're doing it, but make sure that you're not challenging beliefs. Um, here's another great example of belief and something that a lot of people do. Um, as you can see, for example, um, this is my new product. It's called Moon Juice. Uh, [chuckles] it's not from, it's not from Kepler-425b, uh, even though you were born there, this is actually from the Moon. And, uh, basically, this supplement, uh, it helps you fall asleep faster, uh, it helps you with focus, it helps you with joint pain, it helps you with back pain, it helps you have more energy, helps you with anxiety, h- helps with overthinking, helps with gut health, wrinkles and aging, immune support, mood, stress, memory. You kind of, you know, uh, there-- you're like, "W- what doesn't this thing do?" Right? And so a lot of the times, again, another extreme example, people are doing this, especially in the supplement niche, but people are doing this on their products as well, where they're making a lot of claims about what their product does. And even if all of these are true, okay, and I can look like, [chuckles] you know, you know, Michael B. Jordan, after taking all of these supplements, you know, um, the- it's so hard to believe. So now hopefully you can start to see that again, if you start to make too many promises and you think you're actually strengthening your ad by saying, "It does this and this and this, isn't this an amazing product?" Rather than just building believability and strengthening one justifiable promise, that, that is a mistake that so many marketers make on top of, of obviously challenging beliefs. And as you can imagine, if there's zero belief that your product does what you're saying it will do, people are not going to buy it. So-... importance of belief. If you can channel belief, okay, it can be more powerful than the strongest of desires. There's a reason why cults are actually a real thing. It's basically masters of channeling belief. That's, that's what they do. They build so much belief in people to do whatever it is that, you know, these leaders do. I, I'm not really into cult stuff, but, hey, that's, that's, that's the power of it, okay? So just so you understand how these three things work together, the dominant desire, which we talked about in the first module, of your customers will determine the content for your ad, so basically what you're talking about in the ad. The identity in which the customer wishes to define themself as will determine the visuals of your ad, right? The environment, kind of the, uh, the model being used, all that good stuff. And then the beliefs, this final part here, um, of your customer will determine the development of your ad, so how the ad is actually basically built for the customer, okay? So the customer must have conviction that the desires and the identity that you are claiming/showing will in fact come true through your product, okay? If your customer does not have belief, they will not buy. Again, it doesn't matter how amazing it is, if they do not believe it, they will not buy, and this is that story that I was gonna bring up. It feels like it's a good time to bring it up now. And there was actually an article in a newspaper that said something like, "If you cut out this, this, uh, piece in the newspaper and you mail it to this address, I will actually send you a hundred dollars." And that claim was just so outrageous, and even though the guy was literally going to do it, I believe it was some kind of experiment, um, nobody did it because they're like, "Yeah, right, like, I'm not gonna spend my time cutting this out and mailing it to the guy. There's no way he's gonna send me a hundred dollars. Like, that's insane." It was too good to be true, right? It did not-- there was no belief in people, and so that just again emphasizes the importance of belief. Now, let's go ahead and talk about how you can actually build belief in your ads and in your customers. So this first one, and this first technique is called the yes train. Some of you may be familiar with this, but this is just showing the customer that you're talking about them and not somebody else, okay? So let's just play a little game here. Are you struggling to get to the gym every day? If you were that type of person, you would say yes, or, you know, if you're a athlete, professional athlete, you're just gonna be like, "I'm sorry, I go to the gym every day." So that-- this automatically does not appeal to you, which is great, because I don't want to sell to that person. I want to sell to the people that are struggling to get to the gym, right? Then we go to the next question: Feel like you don't have time to get a good workout in? Again, yes, I, I, I feel like that. I'm struggling to get to the gym. I feel like I don't have time, right? Are you tired of being judged or stared at in commercial gyms? You know, building that, you know, that kind of like anxiety that people get in the gyms. Yeah, I, I hate it. I'm, I'm constantly getting stared at by, by people in the gym, or there's a bunch of weirdos that always come up to me, right? Uh, do you not wanna spend thousands of dollars on at-home equipment? Yeah, no, I, obviously, I don't wanna do that. So are you just kind of giving up on your fitness goals entirely? Yeah, I mean, I, I guess I kinda, I kinda have been. Okay, well, that... you know, you know, you've experienced then what millions of others of people have, okay? Which is why the BurnBoard allows you to take your fitness goals in a whole new direction, and boom, there we go, there's our product. And as you can see, I have now built belief, and I have shown an understanding, and that I've called this person out directly in order for them to resonate with me and have trust in me before I actually show them a product, right? And then I could obviously go on to say, "Here's why the BurnBoard is so great. It's a low impact, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah," and kind of answer all of these things, right? I- it's an at-home piece of equipment that doesn't cost thousands of dollars, and it, it's, it's an incredible workout in thirty minutes, which is-- anybody can get thirty minutes in, right? So I can start to address all these objections that people have. That is called the yes train, okay? There it is, [chuckles] the easy A yes train. So what you're doing in this is showing the customer that you're talking about them and not about someone else who would answer no. Once the customer puts themselves in that yes bucket, then your recommendations will carry even more weight. Now, for the next strategy that we're talking about is called symptoms, okay? And this is a detailed understanding of exactly what your customer is going through. So it's a little, little similar to the yes train, but let's go ahead and play this one out. So every time I would put on my sock, I debated whether or not to even wear them. That's if they didn't stick out the entire locker room, of course. And, you know, these thin socks, they were supposedly, you know, supposed to pr- provide more grip, but all they ever do is, is actually rip. And then as soon as you try thicker socks, they suffocate your feet, and they f-- you know, you feel like you're wearing clown shoes on the ice. That's why we invented the Game Day sock. It was designed to give you the best of both worlds, the sockless barefoot feel in your skate and more grip on the footbed of your skate, so you get more stride power. There's the Game Day Tech sock, and this is, again, an example of I'm going into such detail and talking about the pain points and the symptoms and problems that people experience, and I'm able to relate with this person. So when this person is reading this, they're like: Wow, this, this guy just gets it. He actually knows. And like, oh, wow, that's happened to me. That's happened to me. Oh, I totally know. Oh, those thin socks, they rip all the time, right? So again, this is very, very sloppy copy that I've written here, but you get the idea that in detail, you are calling out the symptoms or problems that your potential customers are facing and basically explaining the reasons of why they need your product, okay? But you're doing it in a way that's, you know, not just saying, like, "Does it rip?" You know, if you think about a, an ad that is written like that compared to an ad that is like, you know, thicker material to avoid rips, and, you know, doesn't, doesn't-- it's antimicrobial, so it doesn't stink, or whatever it is, right? Th- that is so much more powerful because you're telling a story that, like, you're in their position, okay? So what you wanna do is, like it says here, prove that you have been there yourself, therefore, your recommendations will help answer their problems as they're not just their problems anymore, they're your shared problems, but you have found the solution for it, okay? Very, very powerful stuff. Number three is authority, and this is where you basically, [chuckles] you know, you need to provide strong evidence. You're, you're-- in this scenario, you're actually gonna basically call out whatever belief, um, someone thinks is and believes is true, but you're gonna ex-- call it out directly and explain why it's false. So-... Forget everything you've ever heard or read about what age must do to your appearance. Forget everything you've ever believed about how old you look at thirty, forty, fifty, or even sixty, because you are about to enter a new world of aging, a world where scientific studies, two million dollars of my own money, and evidence that shows how aging can not only be slowed, but reversed. And in case you guys don't know who this person is, this is Bryan Johnson. This is actually what he has done to basically re-- like, he's almost reversing his aging. It's, it's absolutely incredible. But the thing is, is he has so much evidence, and he is such an authority to prove this claim, okay? If I was to tell you just, you know, aging doesn't exist, and I'm just sitting here, you know, eating Doritos [chuckles] and drinking, you know, Coke, Diet Cokes, are you gonna believe me as much as this guy who is literally investing millions of dollars and has scientific studies and evidence and is a strong authority to basically change your belief around what you currently think is true, right? Very, very, very powerful. Just like with Kepler [chuckles] four fifty-two B there. If I had photos of you in a pod, you know, or like a vlog of like, "Hey, you know, day, day seven hundred and ninety, you know, flying back to Earth," and I had a video footage of that, you would then obviously be like, "Wow, okay, oh, my goodness, like, this is actually true," okay? So providing that evidence and having a strong authority is another great way to basically break through any kind of false beliefs or any beliefs that people currently have and show them that your product is obviously able to overcome them, okay? Now, again, as I just mentioned, you need to make sure you come out bluntly and acknowledge the current belief, okay? So that is the most important thing. Make sure you acknowledge the current belief. Don't just talk about how you can start reversing aging, because people are gonna be like, "What?" So make sure you call it out right away that I know this is your current belief, but, hey, here is why, you know, I'm, I'm going to help instill this new belief into you because I am a strong authority, okay? So you're not really looking for agreement here like you are in the previous two examples, but what you're doing is basically, as it says here, just loosening the previous beliefs to try to create new ones that actually ultimately should serve your customer better, okay? That is authority. Now, the f- the fourth and final one is my absolute favorite, um, and this is the most powerful words in building belief, and I'm just gonna go ahead and walk through an example just like I did for the other ones, and we'll wrap this up. So an electric hairdryer dries your hair by blowing heated air, okay? The hotter the air is coming out, the faster your hair will dry, right? However, hair molecules will be damaged if there is exce- excessive heat. You know, we, we know that. And so in order to dry your hair fast without damaging your hair, you ha-- you must use the right amount of heat. And in order to use the right amount of heat, you have to know the right amount of heat to use, obviously, right? Because if you use too much, you will damage your hair, but if you use too little, it's gonna take too long to dry your hair, which is why the LifeIn automatically cycles temperatures based on hundreds of thousands of tests to ensure optimal temperature. But b- by auto-rotating the temperature to keep it at maximum amount of heat your hair can withstand, it will provide the fastest drying time without damaging your hair, okay? That is the LifeIn hairdryer. And this is something that, again, with logic, you can see each statement is being built on one another, right? And everything is in agreement. You're-- you, you agree. You cannot, you cannot disagree with what I've said about, uh, electric hairdryer blow dries your-- or dries your hair by blowing, blowing heated air, right? That is a fact. The hotter the air is coming out, the faster your hair will dry. That is a fact. And now some of these things, you can make them more obvious facts, some a little bit less. So for example, some people might not know that your hair molecules will be damaged if there's excessive heat. But again, now that you've just kind of proven with logic the top two things there, people will again, they're, they're starting to have belief built, and there's... Th- there really is, this is a bulletproof argument, which is kind of the final recap here, is that you prove your product works through logical thinking, okay? One statement leads seamlessly into another, and the reader is now not only being told that your product works, but it has been shown proof that it works through logic, and this is one of my favorite things to do, and I love this. And if you have potentially been on sales calls with me before, this is something that I use all the time because of the fact that I'm like, "Hey, you know, let, let's play this out a little bit, okay? You are going to invest, you know, X amount of dollars into this, and by month one..." You know, you, you, you get the, you get the idea. This is what will happen, right? And do you want it? This is what you want to happen, right? And you can just start to use logical reasoning to go through. So at the end of the day, that is logic. Now, if you wanna know how to actually create belief and how to actually paint, not paint the per- perfect picture, uh, but if you wanna learn how to create belief, some things that you can do is research, research, research, okay? You have to do a ton of research. If you're going to write out, you know, scripts like that, where you're talking exactly to the customer and they know exactly what they're thinking, you have to understand them. So it starts with research, and then from there, you have to ask yourself, you know, what are the current beliefs of the market? What are the current beliefs around your product specifically? What are the most common objections that people have, right? What are the claims that sound too good to be true? Ask yourself those questions, and you'll start to find the areas that you need to build more belief, okay? And again, if you want to learn more about belief, um, and the way that your customers see reality, you can dive deeper into Purchasing Break through Advertising. Again, this book helped triple my business, and if you have not gotten already, hopefully I'm starting to convince you more and more to actually purchase this book because it is incredible. And there's a lot more to come around belief and how to actually improve this even further, but for the time being, this belief module will do it. And if, again, if you have any questions around belief, make sure you ask.