Transcribed with Cockatoo


0:00:01
Hey guys, so this loom is going to be a long one. So I'm going to be talking about DCTs, kind of how it works and why we ended up using DCTs in the first place, and how they compare to the other creative testing methods that we've used in the past, and why it's better than the previous creative testing methods we've used. So talking about creative testing methods first, of course there's a few ways people like to test their creatives. some people, actually most people like to test it in ABO campaign. One ad set and one ad, which is what we used to do as well sometime last year. So this type of, basically this type of ad sets, one ad set, one ad, which our thinking behind this testing method was this gives each ad a fair chance to test, which the logic you know, saying it out loud, it does make sense. 

0:01:11
But one thing that we wanted to do, let's say we had new pieces of content, right? We had new UGC come in. So if you only test one concept, are you sure that the concept doesn't work? Or do you just need more variations of it? For example, when we were testing out UGC in the first place, when we were testing out, we test one video, one video, you know, we paid a creator to get it, you know, 100 plus each video, and it doesn't work. Okay, so essentially we spent $100 plus for the content and then we spent some money to test it. 

0:01:47
Was it the ad that was bad or was it just the home? So let me show you. Right, so I'm gonna show you this account. I think this one is a very very good example. creative strategy in place so to give you a bit of context this brand we took it over last year of summer we were really really struggling we were trying to hit a 3x at scale which we didn't hit at all we've been trying to hit for like a really really long time even the year before that we also were they hired us to do it as well. We couldn't hit it. 

0:02:26
Only last year we managed to figure it out. So what happened was this account basically opened my eyes to creative strategy and better creative testing methods and I'll show you the data behind it as well. So as I mentioned previously, when we test it one by one, one ad set, one ad, there's a chance that maybe the ad didn't work just because of let's say the hook which you wouldn't know because you only tested one video by yourself and then let's say it didn't really work then you just threw it away so if you look at this specific ad up here lifestyle video v1 you can see okay it's only at a 2 .5x return on ad spend it's not at a 3x um so these ones are just different copies so let's say it's not it's not it's not really good it's not a 3x still the best one is at 2 .5 return ad spend so maybe i will say okay this one is not hitting our target even at small spend so change the concept totally throw it away right so what i did eventually i found out some different creative testing methods so what happened was we switched from one ad set per ad one ad per ad set to testing in batches in ad sets abo still so in batches meaning it's not just one ad now not it's to three different variations of the ad. So in that case, when you test a new ad, you test against some different hooks or whatever it is to give the ad the best chance of actually performing. Because sometimes it's not just, it's not the hook that's correct. 

0:04:14
Maybe you just need to change the hook and it's fine with the rest of the video, it's fine. So what happened, if you remember the last video, V1, I showed you. right where was it somewhere down here yeah not kidding our 3x returned a headspin this batch over here is actually the same video only difference is the hook as you can see lifestyle video v1 right this is the exact same video i just showed you but this time we tested it against the different hooks you can see performance obviously uh v1 against v1 .2 which only difference is the hook and you can see there's a big difference in return on ad spend. Besides that also you can see within the batch itself, Facebook already favoured this one as well. So it's favouring spend towards this other one and on top of that the return on ad spend is much much better. So it was really good to see that this creative testing method worked. 

0:05:19
It gave the ad the best chance it could and it also tested it against different variations so it sort of validated it further because they know that ad spend this ad already is gonna be performing the best and you fast forward right now it's been one year since our ad went live that v1 .2 until today that ad is still their best performer you know 3 .3x return ad spend we've been struggling to get 3x for the past two years. So, always test in batches. If you want to do a manual test, never do it in one ad set. Hopefully that makes sense to you guys. Besides that as well, I think you guys are familiar already by now what video hook rates and video hold rates... that's not right, but hook rates and hold rates are. 

0:06:12
So, we basically tested a few different hooks and holds. We saw, okay, for example, we tested this video over here. So this video actually, the hook itself came from a different video. The hole is a different video as well. So we kind of combined it together because we saw this was really good. Combined it with a different hole, and then we have a new best ad. 

0:06:43
So this previous, this one is the original video. This one is this video, but with a different hook. And you can see, of course, it's a good return on ad spend, and we can spend more on it. It's more scalable. So that's what the first method that we evolved into. Besides that, I want to show you another problem. 

0:07:11
When you test it, let's say you want to test it one ad per ad set or even in testing it in Regis, you will still run into the same issue, is that you did not validate it at scale. So I'll take you, I'll show you this account. So ignore the return on ad spend because our tracking here is very very wrong basically so it's not it's only capturing our initial purchase but not the upsells it's complicated oh yeah basically if you see this ad over here this ad is actually just took at the cost per upsell purchase. So this is actually really profitable for us, 52. I think we are breakeven at 70 upsell purchase. 

0:07:54
So this ad, you know, face value, we tested it in separate campaign, looks really really good. What happens if we want to launch it in a scaling campaign? This same exact ad over here, when you launch it at scale, our cost per upsell purchase increased significantly. It's almost a 3x return increase in cost per upsell purchase even though it did so well testing in a separate campaign. So we've run into many instances like this. It's a big issue because imagine we spend one week plus testing a new creative right and suddenly it does really well in our creative testing. 

0:08:34
Let's say we already have new graphic video request because we saw it did so well in testing but then scaling didn't do well at all so now we wasted one week plus of time when we could have been doing our DCT method which is much more obviously can help you scale much better so the main reason why we wanted to try the DCT method of course is because these manual testing methods don't validate it at scale and let's say you really want to put your testing from the manual campaigns into scaling campaigns. Doesn't work. Wasted one week. Now you're back to the drawing board. So how can we eliminate that? How can we make it faster and easier to test? 

0:09:22
So the first DCT test we ever did was on Lifan. So of course, I took the best performing ads previously, which already had existing ad engagement. So as you can see here, there's already some engagement on it. Testing it against some ads that we've never tested before. Zero engagement on it. 

0:09:43
On day one, the new ads already outperformed it in spend, nine. So these ones are the ones with engagement, but this one is with zero engagement. Day one, it already outspent it, okay? So fast forward a few more days. Now it's not only outspending it, it's outperforming it. As you can see, this one is 100 spend, zero purchases. 

0:10:11
So engagement does not really matter for an ad. There's more to Facebook spending on an ad than just engagement. Of course, if you're familiar, if you look at the performance metric on each ad, there's the ranking over here, quality, engagement, and conversion rate. Facebook won't only see your ad and give it spending just because it's an engagement. There's a lot of other factors as well, like quality, if it's relevant, if it's targeting the right people, things like that. So as you can see over here, as I showed you already, the ad that had engagement did not get spanned against the new ads because the new ads were so much better so new ads will spend no matter if the original ads already have engagement or whatever which kind of shows us that this DCT testing method is effective in a way where you will eliminate wasted spend on tests that don't work well we can see this one over here yes the return ad spend is very good but it's not getting a lot of spend So chances are if I put this inside this ad set, the main ad set, it won't really do much. 

0:11:29
So don't just look at the Return to Expand, you need to look at the Spend as well. To show you an example of that, going back to the account with the upsell purchase one, obviously, small scale, super well return on ad spend. I mean, you can't really see it, but like, $8 is our breakeven, and our goal is just to breakeven, because we mainly make profits back end. $50 cost for upsell purchase, super good. But we did not test it at scale. So now that we put it in, even though it did well at small spend, good return on ad spend, put it at scale, eat shit, right? 

0:12:11
So even if it's low spend and high return on ad spend, I personally would not put it in. If it has, at least you know, if 20 -30 % of the budget, at least it gets a bit more spend, yes you can put it in, but in cases where it's really really low spend, not even 10%, maybe 10%, 5%, 15%, I would not even consider putting it in the main ad set. It's just gonna take spend and do fuck all with it. So now I've showed you why the batch testing method makes more sense right so we kind of evolved the batch testing methods into DCTs because each DCT is a batch test so the reason why we actually use the 3 -2 -2 method and why it made sense for me because previously we were already testing batches of three to four ads we don't test two because for example if you're doing a CBO right you only have two ad sets you're not really utilizing the CBO method you know if you know how CBO works you need three ad sets at least to actually make the CBOs properly work according to Facebook. That's sort of how it works. That's why we all have the same thinking for the ads as well. 

0:13:22
If you only have two ads, you know, it's not really gonna leverage that. When you have three ads, okay, at least the algorithm will leverage it, okay? So that's why we are using the 322 method. And of course, being able to test an extra headline and text at the same ad set is beneficial as well. And of course, Charlie, the one who created it, it sort of made sense with what I already was testing, and he made a billion in revenue. I haven't made that much, sadly. 

0:13:54
obviously I want to listen to someone who has more experience and we've tested it out ourselves as you can see as I showed you it works basically so if you want to force spend right if you want to force spend towards ads that work at low return ad spend you know you have to turn off even though it's not getting a lot of spend at the scaling and turn it off as you've already seen what happened with Hatsinsala performance overall dropped so you have to trust at what works at scale not just looking at the return on ad spend besides that Note that each test is a fail as well. The benefit of being able to test the 322 method, let's say we test this DCT with some new hooks. Hooks don't do well obviously, you can see the span isn't really that well. But we split tested some copy as well. So we split tested the original copy and some new copy. These two variants and you can see actually the image is higher in span. 

0:14:55
And the return on ad spend on the new one actually is better. So what did I do? I duplicated the best performing creative i just put a new copy on it which is the one that matches it in performance and you know truth be told performance return in terms of return on ad spend is actually quite similar although it didn't get the most spend it's fine okay so this is just uh the benefit of using it not each test is a failure you because not only will you learn from you know you can still look at the hook and hole rates as I mentioned with creative testing you can split test your headlines and copy as well so this way it's not really a failed test each time you always have something to improve on of course DCTs do come with some disadvantages for example you can't really test DPAs anymore you can't test instant experience or whatever whatever So let me show you Bambi and Birdie. Context behind it is we've been running DPAs for the past like two to three months and that has been our best performer and we've really struggled because we couldn't find a best performer beyond our DPA. So let's look at different time frames. 

0:16:11
March to April. Best ad inside? DPAs. But the problem with it is we can't really scale because performance isn't as good as we really want it. So fast forward a few times. Okay, now we're in April. 

0:16:33
Our best ad? Still the DPAs. Let's look at other tests we did. Creative tests. So this was before we did DCTAs. We've tested some different DPAs. 

0:16:47
In the past we've tested different images and videos, but the DPAs still outperformed it. But obviously as we know, DPAs, you can't really do much about it. You can test different copies, different frames, different collections, but you can't iterate it too much to really tailor to whoever you want to target. what happened is we kept testing some new DCTs First few not too good uh not yeah obviously not too good until we finally stumbled upon one DCT that finally worked. You can see this one 4x return ahead spend i believe it's May right so going towards end of May you can see that it matches it in spend and finally we find an ad that can match and outperform the DPA. 

0:17:53
Similar spend much higher. As you can see over here yes eventually the images outperform the dpa which we spent months trying to you know dethrone if the client already has a dpa you see that works of course put it inside the main performing asset why not this way it's also good so you have something an app you can test against so eventually you have image or a video to dethrone it that's eventually the goal because dpa is as we know not really scalable so there's that not really i don't really see it as a disadvantage not being able to have it it's not really scalable that way but if it's already performing just rip it in


Transcribed with Cockatoo
