Transcribed with Cockatoo


0:00:00
Alright, a quick overview of 2025, our media buying strategies, what campaigns are we still using, what campaigns are we not using. So there is five campaign types inside here and these are the only five campaigns that we still run today. So the first one is our 3 -2 -2 campaign where we test creative and skill in the same campaign. For all of these campaign types, there are accompanying videos below on how to set it up, how it all works and FAQs inside. This is just an overview to help you understand what we actually run, what is important. So, most important one is this. 

0:00:41
3 -2 -2 campaign, scale, test, inside, evergreen ads go inside here. The next one is a raw content campaign. So for the main acquisition campaign, it's where you have your strategized ads, your custom creators inside. Raw content campaign is the ones where you get raw content from, you know, incense, from product seeding, the ones you don't do any edits to, you launch it inside here. Why is covered in the video for the raw content campaign. And page testing campaign, which is inside the CRO program itself, but just letting you know as well. 

0:01:12
Pretty much what we do is we just launch congruent ads to the new congruent landing page inside here. So you can see, it goes congruent ads plus new URL. That's all we do. And we don't have to launch a control page. In the past, we would do this where each time we test a landing page, you know, we send the same ad to the product page and then the same ad to a new landing page and see how they both do. I don't think that is necessary. 

0:01:36
You can still do it if you want. It's optional. We just launched the new congruent ad to the new congruent landing page. If it does well, we will just scale within that campaign. Most often we won't drop it inside the other campaigns, we will just scale the congruent landing page with congruent ad within the same ABO campaign. Reasoning for that is when you have different URL types, different pages inside the main page, 

0:02:00
testing and scaling campaign, you might not get allocated budget that well because Facebook can't detect the landing pages as well as it can detect creatives. So we scale. If it's working in the testing page, as I said, we just scale it within here. So the next type is your promo campaign, which is what we run for sales periods, you know, Black Friday, Mother's Day sale, 40 -day sale. It's what we run inside here. one campaign, three ad sets. 

0:02:27
We just launched our best ads and just put sale banners on top of it as well as some new, you know, sale image ads. It's all more covered in the video itself and on the right here there are how many ads you will launch inside. So for the main acquisition campaign, you can put unlimited amount of ads inside this champions ad set. It's all covered within the videos below. And for how many ad sites to keep active at a time, I always recommend people to keep it to 5 ad sites active if they're only spending a few hundred a day. This way, since we're testing creatives inside, your budget doesn't get spread too thin. 

0:03:05
Besides that, raw content campaign, same philosophy as well. Pitch testing campaign, as long as the ads are all congruent inside, that's fine. You shouldn't have too many congruent ads, you might have like less than 5, that's fine. Promo campaign, same thing. You just put your best ads and some image ads inside, so you shouldn't have too many inside as well. Pick your absolute best winners and some image ads. 

0:03:27
And the last one, we don't really do as often, it is optional, some people want to do it, to launch an ASC campaign with your winning ads inside. We don't need to do it because we already have this like winning ad ad set within the main campaign, but some people like to do an ASC. From our testing, it never really helped performance, so if you want to do it, you can. From our side, we won't likely do it. some people like it and there's nothing wrong for you to do it as well. It's super easy to test so if you want to give it a try. 

0:03:55
just drop your winning ads inside here but a quick overview this is all the campaigns that we launched we don't launch any other campaigns outside of this you know we don't do any weird cost cap bid cap strategies etc it's just this And the last part to this, in this sheet on the bottom as well, which you see scaling protocol, it's exactly how we would scale ads up and down, how are we making decisions, should we scale the ad, should we not, it's all covered in the videos below, there are dedicated videos for each campaign to help you with FAQs for each campaign as well, and there's a video dedicated to when should we scale up or down, but the sheet for all of this is linked in this video.


Transcribed with Cockatoo
