Transcribed with Cockatoo


0:00:00
Alright, so in this video, I'm going to show you how to actually set realistic targets and KPIs for your business. A lot of people talk about, oh, I just want a 3x return on ad spend and I'll be profitable. Well, at the end of the day, it varies very much so based on what your actual profit margins are. So the first thing that you need to do is you need to come down to this page and you need to punch in your actual price of your product plus shipping. So if your product is $89 .99 and you charge $5 for shipping, then that would be $94 .99 as your total price of product and shipping. If your product is $100 and you charge you include shipping in that price then you would just put a hundred dollars. 

0:00:43
Okay. 

0:00:43
And then down here, what you're gonna need to do is you need to put in whatever the cost of your product is. So if it costs you $25 to make the product, but then it costs you $10 to ship the product, well then your cost of product and shipping would be $35. Now, what you're going to do is you're going to take this gross profit margin and you're going to punch this into the calculator up here. You're going to delete the service fee and set that to zero. You're going to delete the performance fee and set that to zero. delete the ad spend, set that to zero and delete the ROAS multiplier and sent that to zero. 

0:01:15
Okay. So now what we have done is we've now figured out the first important metric that you need to store, which is your break even return on ad spend. So in this instance, you're going to need to take this number and write this down. And make sure you have it stored in whatever project manager system you use, or just even if you just want to write it, you know, or just imprint it in your brain, read it all pen and paper right next to your desk. This is going to be your break even return on ad spend. And then the next thing that you're going to want to do is you're going to want to determine what you are comfortable scaling at. 

0:01:47
How do we do that? Well, what I want you to do is I want you to go ahead and punch in basically whatever your daily budget is. So if you're spending $50 a day, you would multiply Multiply that by 30, and that would give you your monthly pay. 

0:02:00
So we typically obviously recommend try to get you to spend anywhere between 50 to a hundred dollars a day, but if you're spending less, that is fine. 

0:02:07
Okay. And now in this instance, you will have your recommended monthly budget. ad spend. Now from there, what you're going to do is you're going to put in a return on ad spend multiplier. And just to give you context, the reason why everybody says, Oh, I want a three X is because obviously as you can see, if we have a three X return on ad spend with 65 % profit margins and $3 ,000 a day in spend, we will do 9 ,000 top line revenue and about 2 ,800 in true profit. Okay. 

0:02:36
But do you need a three X return on ad spend? No, you don't. if you get a 2 .5x you will be profitable if you get a 2x you will be profitable if you get a 1 .54x you will make three dollars okay you will break even All right. So what I want you to do for your next metric is to figure out what you're comfortable scaling at. And the way that you can figure that out is by looking at your breakeven return on ad spend and typically adding one point. So for example, our scaling return on ad spend for brands is going to be plus one of whatever their breakeven is. 

0:03:10
So in this instance, a 2 .54 X return on ad spend is going to be profitable for us. So we can scale to $6 ,000 a month to $10 ,000 a month. hours a month, as long as we're above this, we're holding pretty good revenue to profit ratio, right? If we do 6 ,000 divided by 25 ,400, that's about a 25 % gross profit margin just from ads okay if you want a higher gross profit margin you can but that is totally up to your operational cost obviously if you're getting a 5x return on ad spend your overall profit is going to be a lot better because you're spending less and getting a higher return but this does not mean that you need a 5x return on ad spend okay if you were getting a five X return on ad spend, I would recommend you to probably scale. So that way your return ad spend comes down lower, but you can actually make more money. 

0:04:03
What a lot of people don't realize is that for example, if you are spending $10 ,000 at a four X, you will do 40 in top line and 16 ,000 in profit. But if you spend 20 ,000, at a 3 .5 X, you will do 25 ,000 in profit with a 70 and top line. And once you start to actually build a customer base, we're going to talk a little bit more about LTV in a second here. This is actually makes more sense for you as a business to spend more at lower returns because you can make a lot more money. Okay. And again, depending on your margin, that will Basically dictate. 

0:04:37
And by the way, if you update your margin, you sometimes need to come in and update the calculator as well. Just over here, just do a quick little reset of the number. You will obviously make more profit with the better margins that you have. So if you struggle with shipping costs or whatever it is, you can definitely play around with price points to see, okay, what is kind of the perfect combo between margins and overall returns that I can get. Now, inside of school, you will be able to see that there are basically three KPIs that we should be looking at. The first one, which is the beginner level. 

0:05:03
This is just what we recommend to do. You do not have a lot of sales coming on your store or you don't really have a large organic presence. You're just kind of cruising along and you have basically kind of rely on ad span. I would just recommend looking at your blended ratio. So your blended ratio is going to be or blended row as is going to be your overall sales that is actually reported in Shopify. in comparison to what you're spending on ads. 

0:05:29
So for example, for this client here, you can see that their overall blended ROAS is a 3 .2. Okay. 

0:05:35
We've done 232 ,000 in revenue in the last 30 days, and we've spent $72 ,000 on ads. 

0:05:41
This is something that they're happy with. As long as we're above a three X blended ratio, they're happy. Okay. And we know that the majority of sales come from ads. even though that way, as you can see here, Facebook is actually reporting about a 3 .32. We're probably overspending on Google. 

0:05:56
If anything here, you can see that, for example, By going off of a blended ratio, especially if you have multiple platforms, you'll be able to get a better understanding of how things are. But I don't want to confuse you with that. Just know that your blended ratio is whatever Shopify reports minus whatever you're spending on ads. Now, this is called Triple Whale. You do not need this tool. You can just go into your Shopify and you can go into your Facebook ad account and just divide. 

0:06:22
Hey, I did $10 ,000 this month in sales and I spent $4 ,000 on ads. Okay, my blended ratio is a 2 .5. Okay. And we recommend doing this because we don't want you to just be scaling based off of what Facebook reports, because remember, Facebook only has a seven day attribution window. It is very rare that people, depending on your product, will buy within those seven days. A lot of the times it's a longer customer journey, especially if you're a newer brand. 

0:06:47
So don't just scale based off of what Facebook says. If you're doing well, top line revenue and your blended ROAS is healthy, which again, depending on your profit margins, you can determine that. Then use the blended ROAS scaling KPIs. The next KPI is just going to be return on ad spend in the ad account. So if you have more organic, say you're doing about 10, $15 ,000 a month right now, and it's predominantly organic, then obviously you don't just want to start spending $5 ,000 a month on Facebook, see zero increase in revenue and be like, wow, my, my blended bro ads is a, you know, is a three X or whatever it is, right? No, we don't want to do that. 

0:07:20
We want to make sure that we're then. Basically looking at a little bit of both. So look at the MER, but then also I mean, I sometimes call this MER It's blended ROAS MER. It's the same thing that looking at your blended ROAS But then also looking at what your returns are inside of Facebook so you can better understand Attribution. Okay, and then the next level up is going to be advanced if you are looking to dive in deeper to CPA and CPA and LTV, which is basically how a lot of our clients will scale. 

0:07:48
So you will need a tool like triple whale. Uh, and the reason why this is a good way to scale is because as your brand grows, there is going to be a lifetime value with every single customer that you acquire. So for example, again, if you are not, if you're not on triple well, if you're doing less than like $50 ,000 a month, you don't have to worry about this. 

0:08:07
You can probably click off this video by now. 

0:08:09
But we're gonna be looking at what our NCPA is Okay, so how much we're paying to acquire new customers and then we're looking at the LTV associated with that whether it's a three -month LTV a six -month LTV or a 12 -month LTV This is the more advanced way to scale your business because if you know that you're going to get Eventually by month 12 again, this client doesn't have an amazing LTV There's some brands that will have a lot better LTVs but if you're getting $280 by month 12 or if you're getting $270 uh, by Monday or whatever month you want to look at, you can then start to scale your business a little bit more aggressively because you'll know you'll be profitable. You don't have to just go off of what your new customer cost per acquisition is and versus what they spend right now. Okay? So when it comes to setting targets and KPIs, your breakeven CPA, your scaling CPA and your LTV are going to be the numbers that you need. And in order to be scaling off of this, you will, I would 100 % recommend that you get triple well. Um, but with that said, if you need access to triple well, you can let me know and I can get you a link over there. 

0:09:12
I'll actually put a link under here for you if you want to sign up. But again, if you are just getting going on Facebook ads and you're doing less than $50 ,000 a month, then I would just recommend looking at the blended bro ads and looking at the overall return ad spend that is reported inside of Facebook. and then figuring out your breakeven ROAS and then your scaling ROAS. So that way, you know, okay, I'm above my scaling returns. I'm going to keep pushing budget or hey, I'm below. I should probably drop budget. 

0:09:38
Okay. Hopefully that makes sense. And again, if you need more help with setting targets and KPIs, please let me know.


Transcribed with Cockatoo
